"London - British airline magnate Richard Branson announced a plan on Monday for the world #39;s first commercial space flights, saying  quot;thousands quot; of fee-paying astronauts could be sent into orbit in the near future."
"Leave it to Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN). Apparently, the holiday season could be a rich opportunity to addict more users to Amazon #39;s A9."
"Regardless, space competitions are poised to become big business."
(CBS) Millions of folded paper cranes fluttered down from warplanes in the skies over southern Thailand Sunday as the air force completed a mission of peace aimed at expressing the nation #39;s hope for an end to separatist violence in the Muslim-dominated 
"Struggling under the weight of a bloated trade deficit, the U.S. economy grew at a relatively modest 2.8 percent annual rate in the second quarter."
"In the time it takes you to read this sentence, more than 10 million red blood cells in your body will die. Don't be alarmed; it's natural, and stem cells in your bone marrow are constantly making enough new cells to replace the dying ones. But what if those blood-making cells stopped working? This could be a concern for astronauts taking long trips beyond Earth orbit."
"WASHINGTON -- A highly classified US intelligence assessment that lays out dismal predictions for the future of Iraq -- including the possibility of civil war by 2005 -- mirrors assessments that are being made by analysts around the world, according to diplomats and members of the intelligence community."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 1.51  percent to a five-week closing low on Thursday as poor  machinery orders data followed sluggish growth figures that  undermined confidence in the economy a day earlier.
"LeapFrog Enterprises Inc., a developer of technology-based educational products, on Monday lowered third-quarter and full-year profit expectations, citing difficult market conditions."
"NTT DoCoMo reported today that its profit fell 6 percent for the most recent six-month period from a year earlier as price-cutting rivals lured customers away from the company, Japan #39;s top provider of mobile phone service."
Australia #39;s opposition Labor Party has promised sweeping tax breaks for low and middle income families if it wins the general election on 9 October.
"MUMBAI State Bank of India, the nation #39;s largest lender, and its 26 state-owned rivals face a nationwide walkout on Tuesday by about one million employees who are demanding that banks double a proposed wage increase."
Computer-chip maker Intel Corp. said yesterday that earnings for its third quarter were \$1.9 billion -- up 15 percent from the same quarter a year ago -- but the company cautioned that computer 
"Rates on 30-year and 15-year mortgages dipped this week. Rates on 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages averaged 5.74 percent, mortgage giant Freddie Mac said in its weekly survey released Thursday."
"David Wells passed a physical and was introduced at a Fenway Park news conference, and the timing could not have been more striking."
"ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- Fresh off a convincing win in Game One of the National League Championship Series, the St. Louis Cardinals will try to use another favorable pitching matchup Thursday when they meet the Houston Astros in Game Two."
OAUG (Oracle Applications Users Group) president Patricia Dues said today that the organization is in the midst of plans to support PeopleSoft users and the PeopleSoft user group.
"Adobe Systems, the digital imaging, design and document technology platform provider and Internet service provider Yahoo will announce this week the launch of a co-branded Yahoo Toolbar."
An eight-member team of Iraqi political and religious leaders flew to Najaf to talk with Sadr on Tuesday.(Xinhua/AFP) ...
"Conrad Black #39;s legal woes piled up yesterday when the United States #39; financial watchdog filed a civil lawsuit against him, alleging that the former Daily Telegraph tycoon used the company, Hollinger International, as a  quot;personal piggybank quot;."
"RAMALLAH - New PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas called for an end to the armed uprising, as Israeli tanks rolled into Gaza yesterday in the aftermath of the most lethal Palestinian attack since Yasser Arafat #39;s death."
AFP - Sri Lanka defeated Pakistan by 201 runs in the first cricket Test here to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match series.
Small German firms follow phone giant Siemens by pushing for five more hours per week - without pay.
"AFP - Sterling pared some of its losses but remained weak, particularly against the euro after the dovish minutes from the Monetary Policy Committee's last meeting were released."
Jerusalem - Israel #39;s main unions ended a paralysing two-day-old general strike on Wednesday after a labour court ordered 400 000 public-sector employees to return to work and told the government to pay months of back wages.
MOSCOW (AFP) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said that a win by George W. Bush in the US election would mean victory over terror.
AFP - Australian opposition leader Mark Latham was released from hospital Saturday after suffering from an inflamed pancreas in the lead up to national elections.
Enthusiasm for PortalPlayer's stock is high despite company's warning that it has no long-term contract with Apple.\
"Raytheon Co. #39;s largest area union of manufacturing employees approved a three-year contract yesterday, according to labor officials and the Waltham defense contractor."
The Bloody Sunday inquiry enters its final phase as  the counsel to the inquiry begins his closing speech.
"The commercial stocks of crude oil in the United States surged by 4.0 million barrels to 283.4 million barrels in the week ending on October 22, near the lower end of average "
" ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. on Tuesday reported a  19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, handily topping  estimates, as store renovations and efforts to improve service  drove higher average sales in every category."
"Texas Instruments rises on a \$1B stock buyback; investors will keep an eye on consumer sentiment. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Major Wall Street indexes are likely to finish the week flat, but Friday could provide "
"LONDON, England -- Unions at Jaguar are considering strike action in the wake of a decision by parent company Ford Motor to end production at its Coventry, England plant."
"Yasir Arafat personally controlled several billion dollars for the Palestinian movement, and no one else knows where it all is."
The former mile world record holder Steve Cram claimed last night that Paula Radcliffe should not be considered  quot;a quitter quot; for failing to complete the marathon in Athens yesterday.
"As if the Palestinian Authority was the pinnacle of good governance, with a shining proud record of the all-encompassing democracy, fiscal transparency and national unity, until Marwan Barghouti, the spoiler emerged from his prison cell and wickedly "
"Putnam Investments said Monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos."
"The man who invented the small, long-lasting alkaline batteries that power Walkmans, Gameboys and other portable devices has died."
"China #39;s largest personal computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., said on Tuesday it was in acquisition talks with a major technology company, which a source familiar with the situation said was IBM."
"Saudi Arabia is set to see a budget surplus for 2004, thanks to surging oil prices, Crown Prince Abdullah says."
"ZURICH (AFP) - Shares in the Swiss banking group Credit Suisse fell on the eve of an investors meeting which will reportedly unveil drastic changes at its US investment banking arm, Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB)."
The latest creature to have its DNA fully decoded is the chicken. Scientists from 49 countries announce the completion of the International Chicken Genome Sequencing Project today in the science journal Nature.
"Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Thursday insisted the United States was making progress in\rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling\further behind other countries."
A jungle bandit gunned down by police earlier this week was still tantalising India from beyond the grave yesterday. Treasure hunters were said to be scouring the southern jungles 
"Joe Thornton didn't make the score he was looking for yesterday, but the Bruins captain will earn \$6.75 million, the most of any player in the club's history, if the National Hockey League has a full 2004-05 season."
"BEIJING -- Police have detained a man accused of slashing as many as nine boys to death as they slept in their high school dormitory in central China, state media reported today."
"U.S. Patent and Trademark Office publishes Apple patent for ""chameleon"" cases that change their look."
"WASHINGTON As a corporate symbol, it #39;s hard to find anyone more all-American than Sammy Pence of Grand Prairie, Texas. With his cowboy hat and boots, and his bold stance in front of a helicopter painted red "
" BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana  heads for Africa on Friday where he is likely to announce a  contribution of more than 100 million euros to an African Union  force in Sudan's Darfur region, an EU diplomat said."
Moscow: President Vladimir Putin stepped up Kremlin control over Russia #39;s regions Monday and called for moves to improve security in the north Caucasus as he appointed a new government chief of staff after the Beslan school hostage tragedy.
EasyJet #39;s bumpy ride continued yesterday as shares in the no-frills airline hit an all-time low after it warned that fares will remain under pressure next year.
"Former Computer Associates International executives Sanjay Kumar and Stephen Richards have been indicted for their role in a companywide accounting fraud scheme. At the same time, the company agreed to pay \$225 million in restitution to victims of the fraud."
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The spiritual leader of Israel's  influential Shas party ordered its 11 lawmakers on Saturday to  vote against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw  from the Gaza Strip.
"Thousands of Rwandan troops have crossed into the remote forested hills of east Congo, a Western diplomat said Monday, in an account supported by park rangers and local chiefs near the border of the two neighbors and wartime enemies."
Professional and recreational players are unlikely to see major developments in racket string technology any time soon.
"Manny Ramirez, who enters the 2005 season with 390 career home runs, has a 92 percent chance of joining the 500-home run club and a 44 percent chance of hitting 600, according to career assessments published in the  quot;2005 Bill James Handbook, quot; written by the statistical analyst whose stature in the game has not suffered by the Red Sox winning ..."
"SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA -- Sabeer Bhatia is a man not short on ideas. The man who extracted \$400 million from Microsoft Corp. by selling it Hotmail is planning to launch a new venture countering his creation's biggest curse to date -- spam."
"Michael Schumacher won the Hungarian Grand Prix Sunday in Budapest, setting yet another record by becoming the first Formula One driver with 12 victories in a season."
The boss of the American advertising group which was taken over last week by Sir Martin Sorrell #39;s WPP will receive almost \$30m (18m)  quot;compensation quot; for keeping his job.
AFP - A United Nations inspection team arrived to further investigate South Korea's past unauthorized experiments with plutonium and uranium as North Korea vowed not to abandon its nuclear ambitions.
"Reuters - Supporters of Iraq's top Shi'ite\cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani were fired upon in the\town of Kufa on Thursday and 20 people were killed, a Reuters\photographer said from the scene."
"A new federal law that entitles consumers to free credit reports sounds great, but the devil is definitely in the details. The Fair "
"Nobby Solano struck a spectacular winner for Villa, but Spurs boss Martin Jol insisted:  quot;I think we are in for a good spell soon."
"I #39;ve been called many things in the (nearly) 30 years I #39;ve spent on this planet, much of which probably couldn #39;t be repeated here."
"Iraq #39;s interim Iraqi Prime Minister, Iyad Allawi, has dismissed warnings from the United Nations secretary-general about the expected United States-led assault on the Iraqi city of Fallujah."
"BHOPAL - At least 15 students were crushed to death on Sunday by a speeding train at a railway station in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, a local administrator told AFP."
"With record-breaking oil prices nearing \$55 a barrel, just about everyone last week was worrying about them -- everyone, that is, except Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan."
"PAUL Gascoigne, who won 57 England caps, finds himself at yet another career crossroads following his resignation yesterday as player/coach of Boston United."
The new Walkmans mark Sony #39;s first flash memory foray into the Apple-dominated digital music player market. Users can store up to 23 CDs on the NW-E95 and up to 46 CDs on the NW-E99 using ATRAC3plus compression format.
"Fidelity National Financial Inc. (NYSE: FNF) has reached an agreement to purchase an Atlanta technology company for nearly \$400 million, a transaction large enough to cause Fidelity to delay the initial public "
"Canadian Press - CASSINO, Italy (CP) - In the shadows of the Benedictine abbey where German forces held out for long months in the spring of 1944, Canadian war veterans paid tribute Tuesday to the comrades who died in some of the most bitter fighting of the Second World War."
A new joint-venture wireless telephony company will provide regional mobile infrastructure and a common service platform to some 56 million customers across the Asia-Pacific region.
AP - Peyton Manning completed 18 of 27 passes for 320 yards and threw five touchdowns for the third time this season as the Indianapolis Colts made the Houston Texans pay for their sloppiness with a 49-14 rout.
"OAKLAND, Calif. Alfonso Soriano had three hits and two RB-Is as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics, 12-to-9. The win comes a night after Texas reliever Frank Francisco threw a plastic chair into the stands in Oakland and broke a woman #39;s nose."
CLEVELAND -- The Patriots' defense wasn't tested much while the outcome was in doubt during a 42-15 victory over the Cleveland Browns yesterday. The Patriots allowed one first down and picked off a Luke McCown pass in taking a 14-0 lead in the first quarter.
"One hundred twenty scientists have published their current running tally of results from the Spirit rover. No lakebed evidence has been found yet, but scientists are impressed with the equipment's diagnostic capabilities so far..."
"The Oliver Ames girls' soccer team assumed first place in the Hockomock League, edging King Philip, 5-4, yesterday in Easton."
TORONTO (Ticker) -- The San Antonio Spurs have gotten into a habit of winning games in the fourth quarter. That was where they lost Sunday #39;s game.
"A police officer in this Detroit suburb died with his wife and son in a Sunday morning house fire about the same time that two young children died in a blaze in Detroit, police and fire officials said."
"EU-Iranian talks to get Iran to suspend uranium enrichment in order to avoid possible UN sanctions have hit a snag, even as deadlines are beginning to fall towards resolving the crisis, diplomats told AFP Wednesday."
" PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Time Warner Inc. withdrew its bid  for Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on Monday, after  sources said a rival bidder group headlined by Japan's Sony  Corp. raised its offer to nearly \$5 billion."
"KARACHI, Oct. 6. - Yousuf Youhana notched his 10th one-day hundred and Shoaib Malik scored an equally impressive unbeaten 86 today to guide Pakistan to an eight-wicket win against Sri Lanka and into the triangular series final."
"Reuters - India raised the number of people killed or feared killed in last week's tsunami to 14,488 on Sunday, up by more than 1,700 since the previous evening's estimate."
The United States have cemented their berth in the 2004 Davis Cup final after a doubles victory against Belarus on Saturday gave them an unbeatable 3-0 lead.
"What a week! Here #39;s to Phelps, Thorpe and all the other breakout stars - especially the unheralded Africans. It was an irresistible formula for concocting the most popular Olympic event of the first week."
"Anil Ambani has written to his brother Mukesh, saying his powers as vice-chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries have been diluted by  quot;keeping him completely in the dark quot;."
"The head of the US space agency (Nasa), Sean O #39;Keefe, is preparing to resign, according to US newspaper reports. Mr O #39;Keefe will meet with a committee seeking to fill the job of chancellor at Louisiana State "
"Molson Inc., seeking to overcome opposition to its planned C\$3.8 billion (\$3.16 billion) merger with Adolph Coors Co. to create the world #39;s fifth-biggest brewer, said it will pay minority shareholders a special dividend."
"Unilever has reported a three percent rise in third-quarter earnings but warned it is reviewing its targets up to 2010, after issuing a shock profits warning last month."
"Accusations of vicious fouls, cheating, refereeing mistakes and a disputed penalty kick followed the latest confrontation between two of the giants of English soccer -- a 2-0 victory by Manchester United that ended Arsenal #39;s record unbeaten streak of 49 "
"MINSK, Belarus -- President Alexander Lukashenko of Belarus said yesterday that he won a mandate from voters to stay in power in a weekend referendum scrapping presidential term limits, but foreign observers said the vote was marred by violations and thousands of people protested the outcome."
"SPURRED on by shouts of  quot;shove it in, shove it in quot;, 19-year-old Don Ezra Nicholas stuffed more than three McDonald #39;s hamburgers into his mouth - without swallowing - and claimed a new global record at the close of Singapore #39;s contest to be the world #39;s "
"AFP - Debt-ridden Japanese retailer Daiei is considering seeking help from a state-backed corporate body, reversing an earlier reluctance after pressure from its creditors, officials said."
"WASHINGTON -- The United States has received indications North Korea might be trying to test a nuclear weapon, but there is no evidence that a large mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from North Korea Thursday was linked to the communist nation's suspected nuclear weapons program, a senior Bush administration official said yesterday."
Fossilised remains found in southern China may hold the answer to a question that has long stumped palaeontologists: Just what is the purpose of the long neck on a group of predatory reptiles that roamed the earth millions of years ago?
Total Mineral Resources at WMC Resources Ltd #39;s Olympic Dam mine in South Australia have increased by 29.2 as a result of recent drilling and an improved long-term uranium price outlook.
 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  resigned Wednesday after the pro-Syrian president's term was  extended under what lawmakers called pressure from Damascus.
US consumers fed a pick-up in US economic growth in the third quarter but a sentiment survey for this month showed oil prices were dampening their spirits 
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - ""Hi Sergeant, we hear there are clashes  in Baquba. Do you have any information on that?"" screams the  journalist down a bad mobile phone line from Baghdad."
NEW YORK Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will represent the United States in singles play at next month #39;s Davis Cup final against Spain.
"If this gets done, the New York Yankees will greatly upgrade their rotation - if this gets done. The Yankees continued discussions Friday with the Dodgers "
The number of people in Europe surfing the Internet over a broadband connection reached 54.5 million in October 2004 -- an increased of 60 from 34.1 million a year earlier -- according to the latest report from Nielsen/NetRatings.
"US businessman Malcolm Glazer has lifted his stake in Manchester United to 27.6 from 25.3, heightening speculation that he will bid for the world #39;s richest soccer club."
"AFP - Two people were killed and seven injured in a bomb blast near a military compound on the outskirts of Bangladesh's northeastern city of Sylhet, police said."
"WASHINGTON - The unexpected boom in US job creation in October has locked in an interest rate rise Wednesday and will likely encourage another tightening in December, analysts said."
AFP - Recovery operations at a landslide in southwest China which left at least 23 dead and scores missing have resumed as nearby coal mines were shut for investigations into their possible role in the disaster.
"The Pittsburgh Steelers are accomplishing feats never seen in the NFL, largely because of rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger. The Steelers combined their new quarterback with a touch of the old -- a Jerome "
"TOKYO - After five days of disaster and death, Japan was given some reason to cheer yesterday when a toddler who had been trapped alive in a car for four days was miraculously pulled to safety."
The UN Security Council is set for emergency talks to discuss the incursion of Rwandan troops in eastern DR Congo.
"Yesterday, in one of its boldest moves, the European Commission agreed to begin talks on admitting Turkey to the EU. But fears run deep of a country of 70 million straddling Europe and Asia."
"Employees at US Airways, Delta and United are facing the stark realization that the security they hoped their jobs would provide is being taken away."
"United Airlines plans to slash the number of its domestic flights and increase its more profitable international schedule, while at the same reducing the size of its fleet."
"WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--NGC Holdings Ltd. (NGC.NZ), a New Zealand gas distribution and metering concern, Thursday said it will end ongoing merger discussions with fellow energy companies following a decision "
Two-sport star Jeremy Bloom lost an appeal to an NCAA panel on Tuesday to keep his college eligibility as a football player at Colorado while still being allowed to receive endorsements as a professional skier.
The scramble by big traditional US airlines to become profitable again is leaving many travelers with longer airport layovers. The typical American Airlines passenger connecting 
"If, as reported, Tom Lehman will be named today as captain of the 36th US Ryder Cup team by the PGA of America, one thing is likely for the 2006 Cup matches in Ireland: The recent move toward civility will come to an abrupt end."
" SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces stormed Samarra  Friday and said more than 100 guerrillas were killed in air  strikes and street-to-street combat during a major new American  offensive to wrest control of the Iraqi town."
U.S. and Iraqi forces launch high-risk probes of the insurgency in Fallujah and Ramadi. A TIME exclusive
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dow Chemical Co.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DOW.N&lt;/A&gt;  third-quarter profit surged 86 percent on increased plastics  sales, but demand remains vulnerable to soaring energy costs,  the No. 1 U.S. chemicals maker said Thursday."
"Beef up your PowerPoint presentations with our newest collection of Outsourcing facts. As part of our Outscoucing Special Report and Knowledge Center, Data Points are compiled to help IT executives make business and technology decisions."
"(Sports Network) - The two top teams in the National League West will begin a gigantic three-game series tonight, as the San Francisco Giants take on the Los Angeles Dodgers at SBC Park."
Mass mailing viruses will go the way of macro viruses and become much rarer next year.
"Hewlett-Packard #39;s new OpenView software is designed to help companies automate IT responses to business events, such as a jump in order-processing transactions."
Ziff Davis - New software programs enable storage silos to connect with one another.
"com December 3, 2004, 4:08 PM PT. This priority jumped up two spots into second place as CRM returns into the spotlight among top software initiatives alongside directory services and open source."
Lee Westwood looked at the draw at the start of the HSBC World Match Play Championship this week and knew it could hardly be tougher.
"On Mexican billboards, drivers can still see the Marlboro Man, Philip Morris #39;s masculine image of a smoker. Television stations in "
"Security has been tightened and alert sounded in entire Chambal belt of Madhya Pradesh on Saturday following massacre of 13 villagers by the dreaded Gadaria dacoit gang, while authorities were discussing new strategies to check the gang #39;s activities."
"Reuters - A leading index of the U.S. economy\dipped in the latest week, and a continued lack of growth in\the data shows no end in sight to the current slowdown, a\report showed on Friday."
"In the stock #39;s first day trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above \$100 -- 18 percent higher than where it started. "
"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia is expected to name former ABC Entertainment President Susan Lyne as its new chief executive, replacing Sharon Patrick, according to a report on New York Magazines Web site on Thursday."
"GUWAHATI, India: At least 46 people died and 118 were wounded in India #39;s northeast in one of the deadliest waves of violence in the insurgency-infested region in years."
Alan Thompson and Chris Sutton saw red as Rangers narrowed the gap to one point at the top of the SPL by winning a stormy Old Firm derby.
"With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems Inc. #39;s Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802."
"This weekend in baseball, two teams from Northern California face two teams from Southern California and all four are in contention for a playoff spot."
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Crude futures closed higher Friday to tally a gain of 5 percent for the month, lifted by growing doubt that China #39;s interest rate hike will dampen energy demand and the ever-existing possibility that supply disruptions could "
"In 2003, AMD launched the Opteron, a server chip that made the argument for 64-bit processing without ditching 32-bit investments."
A JUDGE today ordered Chile #39;s former dictator Augusto Pinochet to stand trial for murder and kidnappings under his iron-fisted rule between 1973 and 1990.
"African regional leaders gather Wednesday, in Tanzania for a summit on Burundi #39;s peace process, but the recent massacre of Congolese Tutsi in a UN refugee camp is expected to be high on the agenda. "
Bambang Harymurti showed no signs of being broken in spirit when a panel of judges at the Central Jakarta District Court found him guilty of libel and sentenced him to a year in prison on Thursday.
"Starbucks Corp. announced Thursday that it will add computer kiosks in stores in Austin, Texas, and in Seattle where customers can burn music CDs for about \$10 while waiting for their Frappuccino."
"AP - Landon Donovan was voted the U.S. soccer team player of the year Thursday, becoming the first three-time winner."
"This was supposed to be an exhilarating weekend for futbol fans in El Salvador, what with those dastardly Americans in town for a 2006 World Cup qualifier Saturday night "
"WASHINGTON - The Senate Judiciary Committee heard this morning from one of its own about some of the problems with airline ""no fly"" watch lists. Sen..."
AFP - The abuse of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib and detention without trial of terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay may still draw headlines in US newspapers but the subjects have been notably absent from the White House race.
" CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela on Sunday ordered  foreign oil firms operating in its huge Orinoco heavy crude  belt to pay much higher taxes in what President Hugo Chavez  called a drive to tighten sovereign control over petroleum  resources."
Academic institutions and researchers are widely viewed as impartial actors in drug trials. But that independence often comes with strings attached.
"FOR THE first time, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo acknowledged yesterday that the country was in a fiscal crisis, a move meant to rally the public behind her tax reform and cost-cutting measures to avert an Argentina-like financial meltdown in the "
" PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has  been officially announced dead in a Paris military hospital,  Arab broadcaster Al Jazeera said on Thursday.  "
"His team #39;s national title hopes dashed, West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez searched for a positive to take out of the Mountaineers #39; loss to middling Virginia Tech."
Home builder DR Horton Inc. said Wednesday that fourth-quarter net income surged 52 percent on improved results in all its markets.
"Oracle yesterday sweetened its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft to \$9.2 billion, a 14 percent increase aimed at resolving the long-running takeover battle between the bitter foes."
 SEOUL (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell is to  seek South Korean support Tuesday for a U.S. hard line on North  Korea after China said Washington must be more flexible to  entice the reclusive state back to nuclear arms talks.
"By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Walking regularly at age 70 and beyond can help keep the mind sharp and ward off Alzheimer's disease, according to research suggesting that what is good for the heart is also good for the brain.    Some previous studies found that physical activity might stave off mental decline..."
"CNN said Thursday it will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt to compete with CNBC after nine years."
"Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The Olympic diving competition came to a close Saturday night with the men #39;s 10-meter platform final, and China increased its medal take to nine with a gold and bronze medal."
SHOULD the United Na tions decide who be comes our president? Sen. John Kerry wouldn #39;t mind. He #39;s shamelessly promoting the lies that the UN #39;s International Atomic Energy Agency is telling about Iraq.
"Reuters - Adobe Systems Inc.  and\Yahoo Inc.  on Monday said they have signed a deal to\combine Adobe services, like its widely used document-sharing\program, with Yahoo's Web search functions."
Wales manager Mark Hughes today refused to condemn David Beckham after the England captain admitted he deliberately got himself booked during Saturdays clash with Ben Thatcher at Old Trafford.
"Microsoft (Quote, Chart) plans to issue a patch for a security flaw in Windows Server software that may allow attackers to gain control over systems running the program, the company said."
Egypt is to conduct tests on the mummy of Tutankhamen in a bid to solve the mystery over the cause of his death.
"Detractors are horrified, but the developer of a video game that lets players simulate the assassination of President Kennedy says the point is to bolster the lone-gunman theory and debunk the conspiracy theorists."
"The Sudanese government was accused yesterday of arresting people who have spoken to foreign visitors, ceasefire monitors and journalists about continuing atrocities in Darfur."
"No matter who #39;s hurt, no matter who #39;s suspended, no matter who plays, it doesn #39;t seem to matter. The shorthanded Indiana Pacers won their fourth game without a loss Tuesday, in their most difficult game."
"Tony Dungy was looking for reassurance from the Indianapolis Colts #39; offense. He got it in short order. Quarterback Peyton Manning made the most of a brief appearance, hitting "
Opposition leaders accused the government of arresting exit-poll takers and turning away election observers during a referendum yesterday on whether to allow authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko to run for a third term.
"New European Union (EU) Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson called on Tuesday for a fresh start in EU-US trade relations, which had been through a difficult path in the last few years."
"JEDDAH, 6 September 2004 - Development banking is defined as a form of financial intermediary providing financing to high priority investment projects in a developing economy."
Jenson Button has admitted he was  quot;misguided quot; in his attempts to switch to Williams for next season. The 24-year-old declared his intention to leave BAR in August but team boss David Richards prevented the move on legal grounds.
"Dell (Dell:Nasdaq - news - research) and Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) are partnering to develop and sell software that makes it easier for large businesses to manage their servers, the two companies announced Monday."
"Sun Microsystems will create an open-source project around its Solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said Monday."
"Before leaving Endurance Crater, Opportunity rovers panoramic camera, or Pancam, captured this view of  quot;Burns Cliff quot; at the base of the southeastern portion of the inner wall of the crater."
" LA PAZ, Bolivia (Reuters) - Indigenous groups and  independent candidates were poised to win local elections in  Bolivia on Sunday, while support for traditional parties sank  further after a popular revolt last year toppled former  president Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada."
"AP - Google Inc. on Thursday became the first tech heavyweight to tackle the daunting task of uncluttering computers, introducing a program that quickly scours hard drives for documents, e-mails, instant messages and past Web searches."
"Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday it still anticipates\September U.S. sales to be up 2 percent to 4 percent at stores\open at least a year."
"\\I really like how the Washington Post cites their endorsement of Kerry :\\""EXPERTS TELL US that most voters have had no difficulty making up their minds\in this year's presidential election. Half the nation is passionately for\George W. Bush, the pollsters say, and half passionately for John F. Kerry --\or, at least, passionately against Mr. Bush. We have not been able to share in\this passion, nor in the certainty. As readers of this page know, we find much\to criticize in Mr. Bush's term but also more than a few things to admire. We\find much to admire in Mr. Kerry's life of service, knowledge of the world and\positions on a range of issues -- but also some things that give us pause. On\ba ...\\"
"washingtonpost.com - Lucent Technologies Inc, the nation's leading telecommunications-equipment maker, recorded its first annual profit since 2000, fueled by rapid growth in its wireless telephone division, the company announced yesterday."
"It would be a  quot;longshot quot; that Giambi would be left off, manager Joe Torre said before Friday night #39;s game against Toronto."
"Diebold Inc., a maker of automated teller machines, on Monday cut its third-quarter and yearly profit views, citing legal and other costs from the controversy over security and certification of its electronic voting machines in California."
"Reuters - A passenger was seen leaving a hijacked\Greek bus Wednesday five hours after two foreign gunmen seized\the vehicle carrying 26 passenger in an Athens suburb, a\Reuters correspondent at the scene said."
"Huntington, W.Va., golfer Pat Carter has advanced to the second round of match play at the US Mid-Amateur golf tournament. Carter defeated Scott Crawshaw of Pasadena, Calif."
Siblings are the first ever to be convicted for sending boatloads of junk e-mail pushing bogus products. Also: Microsoft takes MSN music download on a Euro trip....  Nokia begins legal battle against European counterparts.... and more.
 NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees first baseman  Jason Giambi has been receiving treatment for a benign tumor in  his pituitary gland.
"Gough emerged as the leading candidate for the post after captaining Rangers, Scotland and Everton, though this will be his first managerial appointment."
Researchers at MIT are one step closer to creating patches for damaged hearts: They've used rat cells to construct a beating slice of cardiac tissue about the size of a dime. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Brisbane #39;s AFL fans gathered in their thousands all over the city with high hopes the Lions could win their fourth consecutive grand final.
"AP - A federal judge refused to dismiss charges Thursday against a self-styled community activist accused of attempting to blackmail New York Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife with a purported sex videotape, and ordered him held in jail."
"IBM today announced that Websphere 6, the long awaited-update to its application server software, will be available by the end of the year."
"Oracle Corp. sent yet another letter to PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board of directors on Monday morning, pointing out that a majority of PeopleSoft #39;s owners are prepared to sell at \$24 per share and requesting once "
The regulator for the UKs communications industries today set out details of its approach to new voice services such as Internet Telephony.
"Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent\by midday on Thursday with losses in shipping firms, steel\makers and several technology shares overshadowing gains in\selective small-cap stocks and firms with bright earnings\outlooks."
Lycos is offering its customers a screensaver that helps to launch denial-of-service attacks on spammers #39; websites. The controversial move is designed to use the idle processing power of a computer to slow down the response times from spammers #39; websites.
"Valero LP (VLI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Kaneb Services LLC (KSL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners LP (KPP."
The British Grand Prix has been confirmed with a five-year deal between the British Racing Drivers #39; Club - owner of the Silverstone circuit - and F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone.
"Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler will miss the remainder of the season with a herniated disk in his neck. Fielder, who started seven games and played in another for the 1-8 Dolphins, suffered the injury in Sunday #39;s game with the Seattle Seahawks."
"AFP - Investor confidence in Germany has declined more sharply than anticipated, a major economic think tank said, as high oil prices put a damper on hopes of a continuation of the nascent recovery."
A developer in Tokyo has created an add-on to Vodafone handsets that #39;s meant to be used as a night filter to let people take pictures with their phones in the dark.
"ROME, Oct 29 (AFP) - French President Jacques Chirac urged the head of the incoming European Commission Friday to take  quot;the appropriate decisions quot; to resolve a row over his EU executive team which has left the EU in limbo."
"BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Josh Tudela headed in a corner kick from Brian Plotkin in the 41st minute, lifting defending national champion Indiana to a 1-0 NCAA Division 1 soccer tournament win over Boston College yesterday."
"The US Senate Commerce Committee on Wednesday approved a measure that would provide up to \$1 billion to ensure consumers can still watch television when broadcasters switch to new, crisp digital signals."
" quot;It is extremely pleasing to see that additional benefits have already started flowing to both BHP Billiton and its Chinese partners as a result of the Wheelarra joint venture, quot; BHP Billiton Iron Ore president Graeme Hunt said in a statement."
"Rwanda insisted on Thursday it would soon attack rebels inside the Democratic Republic of Congo unless they were disarmed, as the UN Security Council "
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM is expanding and adding new  technology to 11 of its data centers in North America, Europe  and Asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to  customers, the world's largest computer company said late on  Thursday."
"Ketchup maker HJ Heinz Co. (HNZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose 7.8 percent, excluding a year-earlier tax benefit, as demand for new products "
"With an unparalleled history of success, vast resources, an exorbitant payroll and a smug, quick-tempered owner, the New York Yankees have long been a  quot;love-hate quot; franchise."
"SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s economic growth likely slowed sharply in the third quarter, economists said Monday, with data showing a record current account deficit and foreign debt."
COLONEL Muammar Gaddafi is being accused by Palestinians of unfairly trying to help a Libyan contestant win the Middle East #39; s answer to the TV talent show Idols.
"Australian kayaker Kate Barclay can #39;t recall the first of eight Olympic gold medals won by German rival Birgit Fischer, whom she raced in the K4 500 final on Friday."
"NEW YORK - Crude oil futures fell for a fourth day Friday, settling below \$43 a barrel for the first time since August and extending the week #39;s decline in oil prices to 14 per cent."
"Description: With Hurricane Ivan approaching, oil companies evacuate hundreds of oil workers from drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico."
"Central banks should not respond to every wiggle from inflation as they seek steady prices and the  quot;too big to fail quot; mantle enjoyed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac pose a threat to financial stability, St."
"KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Stowers Institute of Medical Research will not build its second center in Missouri if the state outlaws stem cell research, Stowers president William Neaves said Friday."
"AFP - French car maker Renault said that its budget 5,000-euro (6,000-dollar) Logan, currently aimed at developing markets, would soon go on sale in western Europe, but at 7,500 euros."
MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian insurer AXA Asia Pacific Holdings Ltd. (AXA.AU) rebuffed Monday a buyout proposal from major shareholder AXA SA (AXA) after it wouldn #39;t agree to the A\$3.
"GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's candidate to lead warring Chechnya easily won a presidential election held in the wake of last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners, election officials said Monday. The opposition charged voting was tainted by fraud..."
"YESTERDAY - October 24 - was the 75th anniversary of the first day of the 1929 Wall Street Crash. As Professor JK Galbraith noted:  #39;That day 12,894,650 shares changed hands, many of them at prices which shattered "
"Volkswagen AG is threatening to eliminate 30,000 jobs ahead of next week #39;s wage talks with unions as Europe #39;s biggest carmaker seeks cost cuts similar to agreements reached by other German companies, including DaimlerChrysler AG."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - A Chilean judge on Mondayformally charged former dictator Agusto Pinochet with homicideand kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to humanrights abuses committed during his 17-year rule.&lt;/p&gt;"
" NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Two of the greatest shortstops  ever, Barry Larkin and Omar Vizquel, were among the 58 players  to file for free agency on Friday."
"Sri Lanka #39;s bid to forge lasting peace with Tamil Tiger rebels after two decades of civil war is at its most critical ebb since a 2002 truce, Norway #39;s peace envoy to the country said on Wednesday."
Intel and Microsoft are reportedly teaming up for a year-end marketing blitz to educate consumers about new digital entertainment-oriented PCs and other associated gadgets.
" MIAMI (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins have signed  pitcher Al Leiter to a one-year contract, one day after the New  York Mets decided not to offer the lefthander arbitration."
"US Airways announced plans Tuesday to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union "
"ARSENALS recent stumble continued when they were held to a draw by Panathinaikos in the Champions League last night, and the Greeks may have won had Angelos Basinas not missed a second-half penalty."
"La Jolla , San Diego County -- Fittingly, a team expected to rely on its depth has plenty of backup when discussing its depth. Vice president Chris Mullin, general manager Rod Higgins and assistant coach Mario "
"WASHINGTON - The US army said it had suspended its decision to partially withhold payments to Halliburton, the biggest US contractor in Iraq. "
America #39;s leading retailers filed a lawsuit yesterday to stop the Bush administration from imposing curbs on imports of popular Chinese-made apparel and textiles.
"AP - The area of the San Andreas fault where a magnitude-6.0 earthquake struck Tuesday is a seismic hot spot that has produced similar temblors every two or three decades and, as a consequence, is among the most-monitored quake sites in the world."
"By BEN DOBBIN    ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) -- Eastman Kodak Co..."
"The deal marks the last chapter in the history of two of Hollywoods most famous names - Metro Goldwyn Mayer, once best known for its musical hits like Singing in the Rain and its subsidiary, United Artists, the studio founded in 1919 by Charlie "
"PORT-AU-PRINCE, Oct 15 (AFP) - Haitis strife-torn capital came to a standstill on Friday in a protest after two weeks of deepening violence that have left about 30 people dead."
"Bill Nicholson, widely regarded as one of the greatest football managers of the 20th century and the first to win the league and FA Cup double in modern times, has died aged 85 after a long illness."
Bee Columnist. Sean Harrigan and his acolytes are spinning a melodramatic tale about his ouster from the governing board of the huge California Public Employees #39; Retirement System - that he 
Some of the head lice infesting people today were spread to us thousands of years ago by an extinct species of humans like &lt;i&gt;Homo erectus&lt;/i&gt;.
AP - An autopsy confirmed that NHL player Serge Zholtok died from heart failure after playing a game this week in Belarus.
"BAGHDAD -- Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash that underscored the increasingly vitriolic and open split within the Shi'ite Muslim community."
"Hungary #39;s new Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said the country #39;s 300 troops will be withdrawn from Iraq by the end of March 2005, a government spokeswoman said Wednesday."
Admirers from near and far gathered in Congressional Cemetery Saturday to mark the 150th birthday of march king John Philip Sousa.
"The Bayer Corporation, a subsidiary of the Bayer Group of Germany, has agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$33 million criminal fine for taking part in a conspiracy "
AP - Jason Terry and Josh Howard each scored 17 points and the Dallas Mavericks cruised to a 112-74 preseason victory over the New York Knicks on Thursday night.
 London's Savoy Court Apartments are counted among Britain's most exclusive private residences. And No. 6 was among the most lavishly appointed.
"Experts are to study the ""sweaty palmed excitement"" of people playing their computer and console games."
Pressure on French advertising group Havas mounted yesterday as it emerged that corporate raider and dissident shareholder Vincent Bollore has asked for seats on the company #39;s board.
"But fresh antitrust suit is in the envelope, says Novell"
"When Halliburton was awarded contracts worth more than \$12 billion for work in Iraq, critics said that the company was using its political connections to reap big profits."
"Palestinian guerrillas blew up an Israeli army base at the Gaza-Egypt crossing Sunday by sneaking more than a tonne of explosives through a tunnel, killing four Israeli soldiers and wounding at least 10."
"President Bush ridiculed Senator John Kerry today, and Mr. Kerry assailed the president's Iraq policy in a statement issued by his campaign."
"AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks haven't given up on trading Randy Johnson, managing partner Ken Kendrick said Tuesday."
MSN Search to Challenge Google and Yahoo\\The new MSN Search is a full speed ahead effort for Microsoft to catch Google and Yahoo in the search engine race and are about ready to release their MSN Search Engine. Microsoft has offered a search engine since long on their MSN website ...
Samsung Electronics said today that it has made a memory manufacturing breakthrough that allows it to produce a graphics memory chip that is faster than any other on the market.
 SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea's ruling Uri  Party resigned on Thursday after saying his father had served  as a military police officer during Japan's 1910-1945 colonial  rule on the peninsula.
"Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened 0.59\percent higher on Tuesday as investors sought bargains among\tech firms and exporters, but gains were limited by caution\ahead of a monetary policy meeting in the United States during\the day."
"SYDNEY: Australia #39;s flagship carrier, Qantas, said yesterday it is talking with Singapore Airlines on ways to cut costs as both prepare to roll out the colossal A380 jet."
"For critics of power-line broadband access, new FCC rules mean ""the glass is both half-full and half-empty."""
China is hosting its first Formula One Grand Prix on a gleaming new \$240 million circuit in Shanghai.
"Detaining foreigners without trial under emergency anti-terror laws breaks European human rights laws, law lords ruled today. The decision from nine of the law lords, who make up Britain #39;s highest court, throws "
"Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - AC Milan must improve its play in order to repeat last season #39;s Serie A triumph. So far the Rossoneri have four points after three matches, but have conceded an alarming four goals."
Reuters - The U.S. dollar settled near its lows\against the yen and euro on Monday after suffering sharp losses\on weaker-than expected job growth figures that raised\questions about the need for further U.S. rate rises this year.
"resident Bush will chalk up a victory on a contentious labor issue on Monday, but Democrats intend to work overtime to make him pay a political price."
"SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately built manned spacecraft, blasted into space for the second time in less than a week on Monday to claim the \$10 million Ansari X Prize."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, which is  racing to cut costs to avoid bankruptcy, on Wednesday reported  a wider quarterly loss amid soaring fuel prices and weak  domestic airfares."
"US Airways Group Inc., struggling to avoid a second bankruptcy since 2002, gave its pilots #39; union a new plan for \$295 million in pay and benefit cuts three days after the group rejected a prior offer."
"Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and International Business Machines (IBM) have developed a new technology that they claim will deliver higher performance margins, from their latest microprocessors, with dual stress liner technology."
"Following the lead of Google and Yahoo!, Microsoft has announced a  #39;beta #39; version of a desktop search tool, the  #39;Toolbar Suite #39;."
"Treasures of King Tut, including his gold coffin, will bypass the Met because of a dispute over the admission charge."
Six nations planning to build the world's biggest nuclear fusion reactor fail to agree where to site the facility.
"Shares of ATA Holdings Corp., (ATAH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) parent of discount airline ATA, rose as much as 22 percent on Thursday after a Wall Street Journal "
" LONDON (Reuters) - Tragic, despicable, inhumane, cowardly,  barbaric, evil, and astonishing -- the deaths of a hundred or  more people including children in a siege in Russia sparked  strong words for the hostage-takers from world leaders."
"Investigators picked through the scattered wreckage today of two Russian passenger jets that crashed nearly simultaneously Tuesday night after leaving Moscow, and reported "
Britain #39;s Chris Draper and Simon Hiscocks have cruised to Olympic bronze in the open 49er class. Hiscocks won silver with Ian Barker four years ago when the high performance 49ers made their Olympic debut in Sydney.
"Ziff Davis - New hires, a domain-name registration and Mozilla bugs lead to speculation that Google is preparing a Web browser, but the clues could point in many directions."
"Armed insurgents rampaged Thursday through Mosul, Iraq's third-largest city, detonated a massive car bomb in the capital and apparently seized control of two smaller urban centers. This violence took place as U.S. forces continued their major offensive in Fallujah."
"ONE of natures greatest spectacles will be visible in the small hours of tomorrow morning - weather permitting - as the Moon passes into the Earths shadow, causing a total lunar eclipse."
"The postwar reconstruction of Iraq could be ruined by rampant corruption, an international survey said on Wednesday. The survey, an annual list of countries held to be the most corrupt in their business dealings "
"SINGAPORE Singapore #39;s unemployment rate fell to its lowest in more than three years in the third quarter, the government said Monday, as manufacturers and service companies increased investment in the city-state, creating new jobs."
"The Toronto Raptors traded six-time All-Star Vince Carter to the New Jersey Nets for three players, including center Alonzo Mourning, and two first-round draft picks."
" JAKARTA, Indonesia (Reuters) - The trial of Indonesian  cleric Abu Bakar Bashir over charges related to the Bali and  Marriott bombings will begin on Oct. 28, a court official said  on Monday."
Intel Corp. slashed prices across its Pentium 4 and Itanium product lines Sunday as it prepares for its biannual developer conference in San Francisco at the beginning of September.
The EU and environmental groups hail the Russian cabinet's decision to back the Kyoto climate change treaty.
"The death and legacy of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat dominate today #39;s European papers. Some hold out the hope that his passing will provide a new impetus for peace in the Middle East, while others are "
"Editor #39;s Note: The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Marc Saltzman, a freelance technology journalist whose reviews also appear on the Gannett News Service."
More than 30 people were killed and more than 60 wounded in a rash of suicide car bombs and mortar and rocket attacks in the Sunni Triangle on Saturday as US Marines 
" TORONTO, Nov. 11 -- The chairman of the newspaper industry's circulation-auditing body said Thursday that the organization would work to repair its image, tarnished by circulation scandals over the past year at four large U.S. newspapers."
"Reuters - It's not for the squeamish but Britons\with a strong constitution will get a rare opportunity to view\brain surgery as it happens, in an operating room 4,000 miles\away in the United States."
 LISBON (Reuters) - The Portuguese government resigned on  Saturday to avoid turf battles with President Jorge Sampaio in  the run-up to snap elections in February.
VoIP has escaped regulation by individual states in the US after a ruling by the Federal Communications Commission. The FCC decided that Vonage Holdings #39; DigitalVoice service could not be governed by dual 
 KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's election authority said on  Saturday the election process would continue in the country's  historic presidential election despite a decision by most of  the candidates to boycott the poll over irregularities.
"Ziff Davis - The new release of Sun's visual development environment allows users to develop Java applications on Mac OS X, Windows XP and Solaris for deployment on any platform compatible with the Java 2 Standard Edition."
A Dutch court blocks the extradition to Turkey of a Kurdish woman said to be a top militant leader.
"Ministry of Culture recently demanded the various cultural departments across the country to ban a kind of computer named Premier Manager 2005, or Soccer Manager 2005."
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Point guard Avery Johnson retired Thursday as an active player to accept a coaching position with the Dallas Mavericks.
Togo #39;s Emmanuel Adebayor shot Monaco to the top of the French league table with the winner in a 1-0 victory over Paris Saint Germain who thought their season could not get any worse.
"SPACE.com - When Venus crossed the Sun June 8, showing up as a clear black dot to the delight of millions of skywatchers around the world, astronomers noted something less obvious: The amount of sunlight reaching Earth dipped by 0.1 percent for a few hours."
Nortel scores its first major wireless deal with an Indian service provider.
"Despite missing half his fairways and a half-dozen putts inside 12 feet, Vijay Singh grinds out a 1-under 69 to stay within three shots of the lead at the Tour Championship."
"Reuters - U.S. home builder optimism grew in\October to its strongest level in 2004 on low mortgage rates\and heavy traffic of potential buyers, rebounding from a\decline in September, an industry report said on Monday."
Michael Howard brings his party's annual conference to a close with a pitch to Labour and Lib Dem voters.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bankrupt toy seller KB Toys Inc. said  on Tuesday it plans to close 141 to 238 underperforming stores  by the end of January as part of its reorganization effort.
Texas authorities are investigating claims that a US mother left her seven adopted children in Nigeria and went to work in Iraq.
"PC World - Service Pack 1 fixes security flaws, updates individual applications."
AP - France's market watchdog questioned the current and former heads of Vivendi Universal SA on Thursday in a final hearing before it decides on sanctions for misleading financial communications allegedly published by the company between 2000 and 2002.
Reuters - The two U.S. and Russian astronauts on\the International Space Station had to rely on a candy-laden\diet for five weeks because their predecessors raided the\pantry.
Qantas domestic and international air fares will rise by \$4 and \$7 respectively from next week as the airline lifts its fuel surcharge to offset soaring oil prices. Despite posting a record annual net profit of \$648.40 million on ...
"Woody Williams has the fewest victories of any Cardinals starter. But he, and not Matt Morris, will get the honor of starting their playoff opener."
"AFP - When jewellery designer Cynthia Dillon offered to help galvanize Republican support among Europe-based US voters, she didn't have to wait long to realize her key weapon on the stump in Spain was a skin as thick as her party's elephant symbol."
"jm writes  quot;The Classic Gaming Expo 2004 kicks off this weekend, with over 60 industry guests. This year the CGE is being held at San Jose #39;s McEnery Convention Center, August 21st  amp; 22nd."
"PARIS, France -- Swiss striker Alexander Frei left Marseille fans calling for the resignation of president Christophe Bouchet with the only goal as Stade Rennes won 1-0."
"EIGHT bodies were pulled from an underground tunnel in a copper mine in northern Turkey where a massive fire broke out today, local officials said."
Christmas time in southern California is strange. Charlie Brown #39;s tree here is a palm. And as the Baseball Winter Meetings opened 
A lawsuit filed by New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer against GlaxoSmithKline over charges that the pharmaceutical company withheld information about the safety and effectiveness of Paxil has been settled.
"Second seed Amelie Mauresmo powered into the quarter-finals of the US Open with a 6-4 6-2 demolition of Francesca Schiavone, the 16th seed from Italy."
"FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Hurricane Frances' wind and water whacked swaths of southern Florida with fire-hose force Sunday, submerging entire roadways and tearing off rooftops even as the storm weakened and crawled inland with heavy rains in its wake..."
"Todd MacCulloch was hopeful this day would never come, the day he would have to walk away from his career with the Philadelphia 76ers because of his health."
"IBM Corp. has put its PC business up for sale, according to a story published on Friday on the Web site of The New York Times. IBM is discussing selling the business to "
"AC Milan, Barcelona and PSV Eindhoven advanced Wednesday night to the second round of the European Champions League, but Arsenal had two players ejected and played its fourth straight tie."
"AP - As of Friday, Nov. 5, 2004, at least 1,127 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 865 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said. The figures include three military civilians."
"Delta Air Lines, which is struggling to avoid a bankruptcy filing, said today that it expected to lose as much as \$675 million for the third quarter, and that it was burning cash at a steep rate."
"The open-source app already has a cult following, a major portion of which like it because no one has written viruses to attack it yet."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military said Monday no decision had been made on whether to discipline Army reservists who refused a supply mission last week, despite statements from their relatives that the soldiers would be discharged..."
"The number of attempted attacks by computer viruses rocketed in the first half of the year, according to a report published today. "
Digital patient records could become building blocks in a nationwide biomedical computer network for assembling and distributing up-to-the-minute studies of disease.
A team of Indonesian scientists refuted on Friday a claim that the skeleton of a dwarf-sized human species recently found on the remote island of Flores would rewrite the evolutionary history of mankind.
" NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. tanks rumbled to within 800  meters (yards) of a holy shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf on  Sunday as fierce clashes with Shi'ite rebels in a nearby town  killed at least 40 Iraqis, officials said."
"MANCHESTER, England : Alan Smith climbed off the bench to upstage Wayne Rooney and snatch another late goal to spare the blushes of Manchester United at Old Trafford in a 1-1 draw with Middlesbrough."
"A rare reef fish called the humphead wrasse should be guarded from the trade that is threatening its future, conservationists say."
"Ouija Board, the winner of both the English and Irish Oaks this season, was yesterday confirmed as a definite runner at the Breeders #39; Cup meeting at Lone Star Park in Dallas on Saturday week."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Friday as swelling  crude stockpiles countered worries over a cold snap in the U.S.  Northeast that is expected to keep furnaces fired up until the  middle of next week.
" VIENNA/TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran failed on Thursday to give a  definitive answer to an EU demand it freeze sensitive nuclear  activities or face referral to the UN Security Council for  possible sanctions, a diplomat familiar with the talks said."
"Marat Safin won his first title in two years, beating Mikhail Youzhny 7-6 (4), 7-5 Sunday in an all-Russian final. Safin, a former US Open champion who has been struggling since an injury-plagued 2003, advanced to No."
"Danish electronics equipment maker RTX Telecom (RTX.CO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it had signed an agreement with Skype, a provider of Internet-based voice telephony, to develop and market cordless handsets."
"Australia's largest steelmaker BlueScope is to build three manufacturing plants in India, as part of an ongoing expansion across Asia."
" ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. women took their third  consecutive gold medal in Olympic basketball on Saturday,  breaking open a close game in the fourth quarter to beat  Australia 74-63."
The current debate over climate change runs the gamut from C to shining C. It #39;s about climate. It #39;s about catastrophe. It #39;s about consensus.
"Aside from Steve Finley, no Dodgers position starter had postseason experience before Tuesday. By comparison, every member of the Cardinals #39; starting lineup came into the series having played in October."
Microsoft ignored the apocalyptic weather threatening Florida yesterday to unveil the beta version of its Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition at the VSLive!
"Millions of customers may face higher phone bills as a result of an FCC vote Wednesday to phase out discounts that major regional phone companies must give rivals that rent space on the big companies' lines. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
"Chris Paul, Eric Williams and Kyle Visser each scored 15 points to lead the Demon Deacons past Yale 99-72 Monday night. Chris Ellis added 14 points for Wake Forest (3-0), which had five players in double figures."
"Yukos' main shareholder files a legal complaint to prevent Russia selling off the embattled oil giant's key unit,  reports say."
"All autumn long, Harvard's football team has had its chroniclers thumbing through the archives and blowing the dust off records that go back to the 19th century. Yesterday afternoon, the unbeaten Crimson wrote their own chapter in bold face, throttling archrival Yale, 35-3, before 30,308 at the Stadium to post their best record (10-0) in 103 years and wrap up ..."
Valentino Rossi reflected positively on the first day of qualifying at the Marlboro Malaysian Grand Prix despite being relegated from provisional pole position to third place by Makoto Tamada and Sete Gibernau right at the end of the session.
"Trulli, winner of this season #39;s Monaco Grand Prix, has long been expected to join Toyota but news of his signing a two-year contract was prompted by his sacking from Renault."
"SALES at consumer goods giant Unilever slumped 4 in its latest quarter, heaping yet more bad news on long-suffering investors. Just weeks after a devastating profit warning braced the markets for grim tidings "
"For older domestic manufacturers like General Motors, health care represents a severe financial burden."
"AP - Tom Cruise mingled with about 3,000 fans at the British premiere of ""Collateral,"" chatting on their cell phones, posing for photos and signing autographs for more than two hours outside a theater in Leicester Square."
"President Vladimir Putin has announced new measures to strenghten the governments power in tackling the fight against terrorism. In a cabinet meeting today, Putin blamed Russian authorities for being inefficient "
"Cambodia's King Sihanouk ignores appeals for him not to abdicate, as attention focuses on the succession."
" LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment bank Lehman Brothers  Holdings Inc. is negotiating to buy GLG Partners, a leading  British hedge fund, according to a source familiar with the  matter."
"The world used to be green with envy over the greenback, but now the stuff in your wallet can #39;t seem to shake the blues. It #39;s not that the United States is on the verge of singing  quot;Brother, Can You Spare a "
The US Federal Trade Commission on Thursday asked a federal court to shut down an operation that it said disables users #39; computers in an attempt to bully them into buying anti-spyware products.
"Curse of the Bambino? Please. As jinxed ballclubs go, your Red Sox can #39;t even crack the top two. OK, so your heroes haven #39;t won the World Series since Harry Frazee sold Babe Ruth to the Yankees."
"The battle for PeopleSoft intensified on Tuesday, with the company #39;s two top shareholders said to be taking opposite sides in the software maker #39;s struggle against an \$8.8 billion hostile bid by its bigger rival Oracle."
"Home furnishings retailer Pier 1 Imports Inc. (PIR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a sharp fall in third-quarter earnings, but its share price jumped as analysts had feared worse news."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan police firingtear gas and shotgun pellets clashed with rioting streetvendors in Caracas on Wednesday and 14 people were treated forgunshot wounds, officials and witnesses said.&lt;/p&gt;"
BONN - The German state announced plans Monday to reduce its stake in telecoms giant Deutsche Telekom by some 7 percent in a transaction which could generate revenue amounting to nearly EUR 4.5 billion.
Sir Richard Branson announces that he has signed an agreement to develop the world #39;s first privately funded space travel. Photograph: Fiona Hanson/PA.
"Noelle Quinn scored the go-ahead basket with 16.7 seconds remaining and finished with 27 points, helping UCLA rally from an early 17-point deficit and beat fourth-ranked Texas 63-60 on Sunday."
GAZA CITY: Israeli soldiers killed two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza yesterday and Palestinians shot dead an Israeli in the West Bank.
"Lafayette, LA (Sports Network) - Rookie JR Smith scored 22 points to lead four Hornets in double figures, as New Orleans topped the Los Angeles Clippers, 105-95, in preseason action."
"com staff writers. The parent company of Peugeot and Citroen has announce that due to the economy affecting the car market, they will withdraw from World Rally Championship competition at the end of the 2005 season."
France and Arsenal striker Thierry Henry has refuted critics of his national squad #39;s current poor run of form. Critics have wondered why the former FIFA Footballer of the Year and current top-performer in 
New Delhi - Indians from all walks of life led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and ruling Congress party president Sonia Gandhi Sunday paid tribute to former premier Indira Gandhi on the 20th anniversary of her assassination.
"The United States on Tuesday praised the efforts of South African President Thabo Mbeki who, on the behalf of the African Union, has vied to restart the peace process in the Ivory Coast."
"TOULOUSE, France -- Airbus has successfully completed the first in-flight trial of GSM personal mobile- telephones aboard an airliner, paving the way for their future widespread use."
"Cal coach Jeff Tedford, who has his team ranked No. 4 in the nation and close to claiming a berth in the Rose Bowl, has been named Pac-10 Coach of the Year."
"Reuters - The United States does not have to\wait until Iraq ""is peaceful and perfect"" before it begins to\withdraw military troops from that troubled country, Defense\Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said on Friday."
" DENVER (Reuters) - Former Qwest Communications Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=Q.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;Q.N&lt;/A&gt;  executive Tom Hall, who was scheduled to go on trial next month  on charges stemming from an accounting scandal, will plead  guilty, his attorney said on Friday."
"Dutch authorities have charged two teenagers with cybercrimes on suspicion of bringing down government Web sites last month by flooding them with traffic, public prosecutor said Friday."
"IBM has announced Version 6 of its WebSphere Application Server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and aid enterprise efforts to build a service-oriented architecture."
"The left-hander David Wells passed a physical and was introduced at a Fenway Park news conference, and the timing could not have been more striking."
WASHINGTON - Frustrated doctors say they too often find themselves jury-rigging adult medical devices to fit children's tiny bodies and special needs. Now pediatric experts have begun a major push to fill the gap...
"The Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a quarter point on Tuesday as widely expected, saying growth  quot;appears to have regained some traction."
Opposition Leader Mark Latham says he is ready for an election campaign if the Prime Minister calls one. Mr Howard flew into Canberra from Launceston yesterday and reportedly spent the afternoon locked in talks with senior advisers.
"UK interest rates may be too high because the Bank of England has wrongly forecast inflation levels, a House of Lords Committee says."
"London - Mexican cement maker Cemex has agreed to buy British rival RMC Group for about R26.5 billion in cash and debt, the two companies said Monday."
"LONDON -- The U.K.'s National Health Service (NHS) said this week that it purchased 5,000 licenses for Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Java Desktop System (JDS) as an alternative to Windows, in a move that could potentially open the door for greater use of the open-source software by the health agency."
"Nine people were killed in two pre-dawn raids by US planes on suspected reel targets in Fallujah, west of Baghdad today, according to a local hospital."
Chargers Coach Marty Schottenheimer lashes out at his news conference at Jacksonville center Brad Meester for what he believes was a cheap shot on Chargers nose tackle Jamal Williams.
"SYDNEY: Hockey Australia (HA) defended their decision to withdraw the Olympic champions out of the Champions Trophy tournament in Pakistan in December, saying security concerns had left it no choice."
JOHANNESBURG - A small group of pro-Palestinian supporters were escorted out of the Sandton Convention Centre here during a protest against a visit by Israeli Vice Prime Minister Ehud Olmert yesterday.
"Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan #39;s drive to get his country into the European Union won strong backing from top EU officials Friday, a week before the bloc #39;s leaders decide whether to open membership talks."
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines, said Wednesday it will overhaul its route structure to reduce costs and offset rising fuel costs."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago  loss, on strong cash flow and a reduction in inventory-related  expenses."
"A year after the first US case of mad cow disease was reported, Sen. Maria Cantwell says the Food and Drug Administration still has not fulfilled its promise to tighten animal feed rules to help prevent future cases."
"merica #39;s largest and most profitable companies paid less in corporate income taxes in the last three years, even as they increased profits, according to a study released yesterday."
Analysts say the agreement was a boost to both companies since it will pave the way for Nvidia get access to millions more desktop computers built on Intel processors and because Intel will 
Reuters - U.S. stocks were little changed on\Thursday after cell phone maker Nokia Corp.  raised its\earnings forecast and weekly jobless claims fell more than Wall\Street's forecast.
" The U.S. President has said that the problem with health care is the lawyers. He doesn't seem to think that there are any other problems we should be concerned about, and the free market is the best way to determine how much you would be willing to pay for health care. The President is pushing our current system, and his challenger is doing the same."
German bank WestLB sells its 43.4 percent stake in the UK's Odeon cinema chain to a private equity firm.
"Andriy Shevchenko #39;s first half header gave AC Milan a 1-0 win over Barcelona in front of a 68,000 crowd here on Wednesday and moved them a big step closer to the knockout stages of the Champions League."
Pakistan #39;s National Assembly elected Shaukat Aziz as the nation #39;s new prime minister Friday. Aziz won 191 votes to none for rival candidate Javed Hashmi.
The Reds dealt Chicago #39;s playoff hopes a blow Tuesday night by using the Cubs #39; formula for winning: good starting pitching and home runs.
Felix Sanchez justified his status as the most fancied of all track and field favourites with a magnificent victory in tonights final of the 400metres hurdles.
"Reuters - U.S. forces expect to be\positioned throughout the last remaining guerrilla stronghold\in Falluja by Tuesday, a Marine officer said on Saturday."
"A powerful bomb exploded near the Australian Embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing at least three people and wounding 50, witnesses and officials said."
"High-capacity fiber network for voice, data, and video will cut Lloyds bandwidth costs and let it offer new high-bandwidth apps. By Steven Marlin."
Russian officials say traces of explosive have been found in the debris of one of two crashed airliners.
The NHL Players #39; Association handed the NHL a strong proposal Thursday it believes can not only salvage the season but more importantly address all of the league #39;s economic issues.
A Yemeni accused of guarding Osama bin Laden with explosive belts seemed to acknowledge his Al Qaeda membership.
Black Caps coach John Bracewell was forced to make some tough decisions in naming his side for the first Test against Australia in Brisbane on Thursday.
"Reuters - France's biggest carmaker, PSA\Peugeot-Citroen, unveiled a new system on Tuesday to reduce\emissions and save fuel by allowing drivers to cut their\engines when they are not moving."
"AP - For all his Cy Young Awards, for all his October theatrics, Pedro Martinez has become almost an afterthought for the Boston Red Sox during this year's postseason surge."
PRIME Minister John Howard is insisting he has not deliberately misled the Australian public over the children overboard affair. 
"Here's what was good-looking, butt-ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show."
"BEIRUT: Tens of thousands of people flocked to Baabda Presidential Palace Sunday, in a huge and popular show of support for President Emile Lahoud over his three-year mandate extension that was decided by Parliament on Friday."
"Relatives of Ismal Assawalhi, 70, mourning him at his funeral in the Rafah refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip, Three Palestinians, including Assawalhi, were killed in a pre-dawn Israeli air raid on Rafah during Israels recent offensive in the "
Charlton boss Alan Curbishley praised his defence for keeping a resilient Southampton team to a 0-0 draw at The Valley on Monday evening.
A case of avian influenza that killed an 11-month-old girl in Vietnam this month has alarmed health officials around the world.
"An international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays, helping to solve a 100 year old mystery - an origin of cosmic rays."
Cisco executives told analysts this week that the company plans to take data center virtualization into areas such as application-aware switching and will partner to provide systems management software.
Austria hopes to capitalize on its home-court advantage and tough preparations to defeat Britain in this week #39;s Davis Cup World Group playoffs captain Thomas Muster said Wednesday.
"The Springboks have won the Tri-Nations title with a 23-19 win against the Wallabies in Durban. In a tense finish, the Wallabies scored twice in the final 10 minutes with the Springboks reduced to 13 men, but the home side held on for a deserved victory."
"British Airways Plc, Europe #39;s second- biggest airline, said it will conduct an internal investigation into a labor shortage that led it to cancel more than 100 flights in the past week, leaving thousands of passengers stranded."
"Microsoft has lost the FAT, and it #39;s not part of a slimming down regimen. In a stinging defeat, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has declared Microsoft #39;s File Allocation Table (FAT) file "
Air New Zealand and Qantas are likely to form a modified alliance after the New Zealand High Court yesterday ruled against the airlines joining together in a formal way.
Electro-shock therapy is being tested as a way of saving some of the world's endangered corals.
"Reuters - Web search leader Google Inc.\, in its first earnings report as a publicly held\company, on Thursday posted a profit of  #36;52.0 million in the\third quarter on strong Web search advertising."
Microsoft Corp. is giving users more time to prepare for Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) by doubling the time a special registry key will prevent PCs from automatically downloading and installing the mammoth update.
"Glenmorangie, one of the largest remaining independent companies in the Scotch whisky industry, today said it was in talks about a possible sale."
"AP - Struggling German retailer KarstadtQuelle on Thursday agreed with employee representatives on a cost-cutting plan that will include eliminating some 5,500 jobs, or 12 percent of its work force, and a three-year pay freeze."
" PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian rebel politician  Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court bid to erase  his criminal record, leaving a royal pardon as his only option  for a swift return to politics."
"The head of information security at Toyota spoke candidly this week to an audience of press, analysts and IT bosses about his concerns over claims made by some security vendors and resellers."
Brendon McCullum produced an outstanding 143 as New Zealand moved into a commanding position on day three of the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
"LOS ANGELES Saturn #39;s moon Titan has some familiar-looking features, but scientists say most of it looks  quot;very alien. quot;."
Northwest Airlines Corp. Chief Executive Richard H. Anderson is resigning and will be replaced by President Douglas M. Steenland at a time when the company is seeking employee concessions to stem losses.
 NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The New York Jets and  quarterback Chad Pennington are close to a deal that would make  the quarterback the highest- paid player in franchise history.
"FALLUJAH, Iraq (CP) - A group calling itself the Brigades of the Victorious Lion of God said Thursday it was responsible for the kidnapping of Canadian Fairuz Yamulky and claimed it set her free only after her company pledged to withdraw from Iraq."
"South of Canyonville, you could be delayed up to an hour each way due to road and bridge repairs. Other than that, you should have no more trouble than usual driving around Oregon on a Thanksgiving "
Shares of CommScope Inc. fell more than 20 percent in the extended session Monday after the maker of coaxial and fiber-optic cables revised its sales outlook and announced plans for cost reductions and price increases.
"What is more, the creature, which lived 60 to 70 million years before T. rex, had fluffy feathers covering its body. Xing Xu and colleagues from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing found their tyrannosauroid "
Excerpts from a published transcript of NBA star Kobe Bryant #39;s interview with Eagle County sheriff #39;s investigators Doug Winters and Dan Loya the night after a 19-year-old employee of a Vail-area resort told police he had sexually assaulted her.
"WHEN it comes to national security as an election issue, John Howard still leads Mark Latham by a wide margin as preferred prime minister."
AP - Maurice Williams hit a jumper with one second left to cap an 11-point performance and lead the Milwaukee Bucks over the Minnesota Timberwolves 76-75 Wednesday night in a preseason game.
" STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - DaVita Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DVA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DVA.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to buy the  U.S. kidney-care clinics of Sweden's Gambro AB &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GAMBb.ST target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GAMBb.ST&lt;/A&gt; for  \$3.05 billion in a deal that would make it the top dialysis  services company in the United States."
"A decision is due to be taken on whether 500,000 new home should be built in eastern England."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average climbed for a  third straight day on Thursday, rising over one percent as a  rally in New York boosted tech issues such as Toshiba Corp and  Shin-Etsu Chemical"
"Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  on\Saturday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3\percent, according to its preliminary tally, helped by sales of\bedding, electronics, food and pet supplies."
"Asian Development Bank President Tadao Chino today expressed his intention to resign and Japan said it will recommend Haruhiko Kuroda, an adviser to Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, to succeed him."
" MANILA (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked the southern  Philippine city of General Santos on Sunday, killing 13 people  and injuring at least 60 at a public market, police and  witnesses said."
For weeks Turkey has been talking frenziedly about adultery. It #39;s nothing to do with the country #39;s sexual habits. There #39;s been nothing to indicate an upsurge in infidelity.
"The Sporting News - Don't fret, Yankees haters. Read on, and you'll see plenty of potential obstacles that could keep the restocked and heavily favored Bronx Billionaires from winning the World Series -- and I didn't have to reach too far to find them. Not all of them, anyway."
"tarting Grand Slam tournaments is usually not a problem for Amelie Mauresmo of France. Finishing on top is. Mauresmo, who has never won a Grand Slam, began the long climb through the United States "
"AP - A judge ruled Friday that a lawsuit demanding that Florida's touch-screen voting machines produce a paper record will not be heard until Oct. 18  #151; too late, perhaps, to affect the November presidential election."
"The Arctic is experiencing the effects of human-induced climate change, according to a four-year report commissioned by eight nations with territory in the region."
"For half of the first quarter, the Nets looked like the team that had dominated the Knicks for the past three seasons. But with Jason Kidd still limited to 20 "
"THREE JAPANESE GIANTS will team up to create a company to manufacture and sell LCD panels into the flat panel TV market. Hitachi, Toshiba and Matsushita hope to get the JV rolling by January 2005."
"Rackable Systems has added to its line of NAS solutions with its new S3116-NAS server appliance. The new NAS server is designed for datacenters looking for a high-performance SATA system at an affordable price, according to Geoffrey Noer, senior director of storage products at Rackable Systems. Companies using expensive Fibre Channel-based storage can migrate older projects to a lower-cost Rackable Systems NAS, Noer said. Other uses include disk-based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said."
HP IS TO release the final Alpha processor on Monday bringing to an end the chip that had a cult following for the last 14 years. 
Scientists have found a remarkable new structure deep within the West Antarctic Ice Sheet which suggests that the whole ice sheet is more susceptible to future change than previously thought.
" PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk  appears determined to retire, his son said on Saturday before  heading to Beijing in a bid to persuade the 81-year-old monarch  to change his mind about abdicating."
\The UN and human rights groups express concern over the number of people who disappear in Nepal.
"AFP - A review of security at Australia's diplomatic missions around the world is under way following the bombing of its Jakarta embassy on September 9, the government said."
Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq said taking part was more important than winning ahead of Pakistan #39;s first match in India for over five years.
"JERUSALEM - Five days into Israel's largest offensive in Gaza in years, army commanders were talking of an operation lasting weeks, while officials looked even further ahead - to Israel's planned evacuation of Gaza settlements next year.    Early Monday, the bodies of four Palestinians were brought from the northern town of Beit Lahiya to a Gaza hospital..."
Reuters - Democrats and environmental groups\on Monday expressed hope that changes in the Bush\administration Cabinet could moderate a White House plan to\open some 60 million acres of federal forests to logging.
"Reuters - Britain was considering a U.S. request\on Monday to move troops into more potentially dangerous areas\of Iraq, a politically charged move which has reignited anger\over Prime Minister Tony Blair's support for the war."
"&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Too many systems, too many operators"
A streamlined process supplies beds and social workers more quickly and eliminates the system's rundown gateway in the Bronx.
UK scientists develop a process for making hydrogen from sunflower oil which may become an important future source of eco-friendly energy.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LLY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;LLY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it expects earnings in 2005 to rise to between \$3.05 and  \$3.15 per share before special items as growing sales of newer  medicines more than offset disappointing sales of its  top-selling schizophrenia drug."
"Japanese mobile phone company DoCoMo is in talks to buy 3G handsets from Motorola, the world's second largest handset maker."
"Olympic relay gold medalist and world 400-meter champion Jerome Young was given a lifetime ban from the US Anti-Doping Agency for his second performance-enhancing drug violation, according to USA Today."
Sachin Tendulkar hits a career-best 248 not out as India gain a lead of 342 over Bangladesh.
"The crew of the International Space Station is not in danger of running out of oxygen, Russian controllers said Friday. Gennady Padalka and Michael Fincke are breathing oxygen from reserves aboard the station, Itar-Tass reported."
AMERICAN Andy Roddick wasted little time in trouncing Britain #39;s Arvind Parmar 6-1 6-4 to advance into the second round of the Thailand Open today.
Marsh  amp; McLennan CEO Jeff Greenberg may soon be on his way out the door as head of the world #39;s biggest - and most troubled - insurance broker.
"Almost 300,000 civil servants will be balloted for a one-day national strike\against government plans to cut jobs."
"Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s recent moves to restore peace in Kashmir were encouraged by successful elections in the state in 2002 and positive steps by archrival Pakistan, Indian Ambassador to Washington Ronen Sen said yesterday."
US marines come under sustained attack from several directions in their makeshift HQ in the Iraqi city of Falluja.
"The FTSE 100 has fallen for the fifth session in a row, with insurers crowding the list of fallers after sentiment in the sector was damaged by news that New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer was suing a US firm."
AP - Two Western Illinois football players were suspended from the team Wednesday after being charged in a weekend burglary.
Red-hot favourite Felix Sanchez made history for the Dominican Republic when he streaked to victory in the men #39;s Olympic 400 metres hurdles final.
"The 1991 Persian Gulf War and subsequent U.N. inspections destroyed Iraq's illicit weapons capability and, for the most part, Saddam Hussein did not try to rebuild it, according to an extensive report by the chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq."
"Reuters - Oil prices eased further on Tuesday, as\the head of the OPEC cartel said markets were well-supplied\with crude and traders continued to take profits from this\year's 40 percent rally."
"(Canberra, Australia-AP) Nov. 18, 2004 - Australia #39;s prime minister says it #39;s likely that a body found in the Iraqi city of Fallujah is that of aid worker Margaret Hassan."
NewsFactor - The Federal Trade Committee has filed a complaint in federal court asking that two Internet advertising and software firms be shut down. The FTC made the filing last Thursday and will hold a press conference on the matter tomorrow.
"Under a powdery gray Moscow sky, YUKOS employees trudged through the snow to work on Friday, fearful for the future but afraid to speak out against a government about to dismember the once-mighty oil firm."
"Loudon, NH (Sports Network) - Jeff Gordon will assume the pole position for Sunday #39;s Sylvania 300 at the New Hampshire International Speedway after a steady rain washed out Friday #39;s qualifying session."
"LOS ANGELES - Researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles are celebrating the anniversary of the first message sent over what would eventually become the internet."
"Reuters - It takes a special kind of person\to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long\just to buy a video game -- but for rabid fans of the first\""Halo"" on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the\wait to buy the new ""Halo 2."""
"A month after a previous deal fell apart, Donald Trump announced a plan yesterday that he hopes will give his casino company a second act and make it a contender in Atlantic City once again."
"Ofcom, the official telecom regulator for the UK, published its approach to new voice services, including Voice over Broadband (VoB) phone services."
"Singapore - Crude oil futures slid further on Thursday, as concerns over heating oil supplies ahead of a cold Northern Hemisphere winter eased because of a rise in US crude stocks."
Britains big football leagues and daily newspapers are circling each other in a showdown over game photos on Internet sites.
Oracle is expected to jump into the emerging market for content management software later this year. The database giant will announce a new product code-named Tsunami at its Oracle OpenWorld conference in 
"Is open source becoming the dumping ground for no-longer-wanted software, sort of like a Salvation Army dropoff point for programs instead of old clothes?"
Intel Corp. #39;s fourth-quarter sales are on track to break a company record as demand for the chips that power computers was stronger than originally expected in the weeks leading up to the holiday buying season.
"JC Penney Co. Inc. named Myron Ullman, a former executive at French luxury goods retailer LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton as its next chairman and chief executive Wednesday, reaching "
The extreme weather conditions have forced all the F1 teams to adapt this weekend. Pat Symonds thinks the result could well be an extremely exciting race
"Faced with as difficult a set of decisions as any European captain has had to deal with, Bernhard Langer added Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald as wild-card selections for the team "
" Yesterday morning things seemed pretty dicey for the NBA's Ron Artest, as chatter about ""the poster boy for bad behavior"" and talk of federal lawsuits, possible criminal charges and suspension appeals fluttered about the airwaves. &lt;em&gt;D&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em&gt;rama&lt;/em&gt;, people. Then there was the little matter of the \$5 million -- \$5 million! -- in lost wages, the kind of thing that happens when you hand out beatdowns to fans,  and end up being told to sit your heinie down for the rest of the season and repent."
"LOS ANGELES -- Everywhere you looked before Monday night #39;s game at Dodger Stadium, there he was. Paul Lo Duca, the thirtysomething mother of two. Paul Lo Duca, the dude with the thick beard and the backward Dodgers cap. Paul Lo Duca, the guy with the beer ..."
"Reuters - Travel and real estate heavyweight\Cendant Corp.  is nearing a deal to buy online travel\site Orbitz Inc. , which is controlled by the top five\U.S. airlines, for about  #36;1.2 billion in cash, a source close\to the talks said on Tuesday."
"Sony has launched its first handheld games console, the PlayStation Portable (PSP), which it hopes will challenge Nintendo in the portable games market."
" ALAMEDA, Calif. (Sports Network) - Oakland Raiders  quarterback Rich Gannon will miss the remainder of the season,  but stopped short of announcing his retirement on Monday."
"A relaxed buildup, out of the spotlight, has been the key to Hamish Carter #39;s Olympic success. Carter led home a New Zealand gold and silver finish in the men #39;s triathlon on Thursday night, beating home teammate Bevan Docherty."
"Reuters - China poured cold water on Tuesday on\speculation it will strengthen the yuan's value soon, saying\such talk is ""groundless"" and that it will not resort to a\one-off revaluation of the tightly held currency."
"A deal to dismiss the sexual assault charge against Kobe Bryant is being discussed inside the Eagle County Courthouse, sources close to the case told CNN on Wednesday."
"GUWAHATI: At least 44 persons were killed and 100 others wounded in firing and series of bomb blasts in Indian eastern states Nagaland, Assam, and Guwahati here on Saturday."
known simply as Check 21 -oes into effect today and is expected to cut down the amount of time it takes for checks to clear the bank.
Reuters - AT T Wireless has given U.S.\music fans the ability to purchase 99-cent songs using a mobile\phone.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators may  recommend enforcement action against the former head of  Citigroup Global Investment Management for his role in  activities under investigation at the company's mutual fund  unit, the No. 1 financial services firm said on Friday."
AFP - Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was left seething at his side's inability to cash in on the draw between English Premiership favourites Arsenal and Chelsea.
"Yasser Arafat #39;s rule was a disaster for the Palestinians and whole Middle East when he was alive, says Heritage Foundation Middle East expert James Phillips."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on  Thursday and crude oil prices touched \$49 a barrel as traders  saw a possible oil loan from U.S. government reserves as too  small to make up for supply disruptions caused by Hurricane  Ivan.
"Alitalia SpA has signed an agreement for a euro400 million (US\$496 million) bridge loan, the struggling Italian airline said Monday."
Security software specialist McAfee Inc. has added a new module to its virus scan engine to help businesses combat the growing spyware scourge.
"Police in Michigan said a fourth member of the Indiana Pacers was involved in the fight with fans last week. Authorities said reserve center David Harrison, punched an elderly man in the stands."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the yen on  Friday, building on a rebound from a five-year low ahead of  closely watched U.S. jobs data."
"They were like two great heavyweights slugging away, neither willing to take a backward step or bend to the other's demands."
"A division winner faced a division leader when the Twins played a doubleheader Wednesday in Yankee Stadium. However, it wasn #39;t exactly a playoff preview."
Scott Kazmir had a cool confidence in a tough environment for baseball #39;s youngest pitcher and a sense of wonder that he had succeeded in it.
Roger Clemens tells reporters he is very close to retirement but has yet to make a decision on whether he will play next season.
 BOSTON (Reuters) - Thousands of bleary-eyed Red Sox fans  showed up for work on Thursday still stunned and giddy after a  night of celebrating something many thought impossible: a World  Series victory for baseball's perennial also-rans that put an  end to an 86-year-old curse.
House Republican negotiators beat back Senate efforts to more aggressively regulate tobacco and to more strictly limit tax shelters Tuesday as a congressional conference committee moved toward approving the most significant corporate tax legislation in two decades.
"THE GAZETTE. Cyclist Tyler Hamilton gets to keep his Olympic gold medal because his backup blood sample was ruined in a botched lab procedure, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday."
Mattel and a Japanese manufacturer have adopted these high-rise chips. Will Nintendo be next?&lt;br /&gt; Photos: Matrix's high-rise chips
 PARIS (Reuters) - A French court Wednesday found the eldest  son of former French President Francois Mitterrand guilty of  tax fraud and sentenced him to a suspended 30-month prison  sentence.
"An Iraqi militant group says it has kidnapped 10 hostages, including two Indonesian women, who work for an electronics firm, Al Jazeera television says."
Rumors are swirling that the next massive wireless merger is in the works.
"Alan Smith was sent off with two minutes remaining as Manchester United was held 0-0 at Old Trafford by Manchester City. Newcastle lost 4-1 at home to Fulham, while Bolton drew 1-1 at Middlesbrough."
Rangers joined the European scrapheap after a Bonaventure Kalou double fired Auxerre to a 2-0 victory at Ibrox. The home side had only to avoid defeat to progress to the knockout stage but were out-classed by the visitors.
"Securities regulators are opening up yet another front in their long-running investigation of the mutual fund industry, examining brokerage firms that allegedly gave mutual fund employees "
"The Asian market accounted for 9.4 percent of Cisco #39;s sales in the quarter ended October 30, down from 10 percent last year. The spread of high-speed broadband Internet "
"Following our previous report, based on claims being made by an Austrian News Agency, Pitpass can now confirm that David Coulthard has signed a one-year deal with Red Bull Racing."
"St George Bank, Australia #39;s fifth-largest, says annual net profit rose 18 per cent to A\$717 million (\$782 million) on stronger housing and business lending and it forecasts double-digit "
"HONG KONG -- Nokia Corp. has developed a prototype handset that supports Mobile IPv6 (Internet Protocol version 6), a version of the protocol that will help to improve the quality of VOIP (voice over IP), streaming video and other applications delivered to wireless devices, the company said Tuesday."
"When Microsoft Corp. announced last week it was scaling back the feature set for the next version of Windows, code-named Longhorn, it may have inadvertently given competitors the opening they #39;d been looking for."
NEW YORK (CP) - The NHL has cancelled the Feb. 12-13 all-star weekend in Atlanta because of the lockout. There #39;s still a chance hockey will resume this year but a shortened season will need all the dates possible 
Intel Corp. President Paul Otellini demonstrated new chips due out next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games as he sought to allay concerns about product delays.
"AP - First, Iran backed down before the U.N. nuclear watchdog. Then it set last-minute conditions, called the retreat only temporary and claimed victory over Washington."
"NEW YORK, November 2 (newratings.com) - Forest Laboratories Inc (FRX.NYS) witnessed a decline in its share price this morning, following the news of disappointing efficacy study results for the company #39;s new hypertension drug."
" KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainians voted for a new president on  Sunday, choosing between their Russian-backed prime minister  and a West-leaning liberal in a tight contest many fear could  degenerate into turmoil."
USATODAY.com - A guest ogre has been recruited for the Shrek 2 DVD. It's none other than that caustic Brit Simon Cowell of TV's American Idol  doing what he does best: passing judgment.
The British government is to release a foreign national held without charge or trial under the anti-terrorism laws introduced in the wave of the Sept.
" LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Five Peruvian police officers died  in a shootout on Sunday with an armed group who took 10  hostages in the siege of a police station in southern Peru on  New Year's Day, RPP radio reported."
"Reuters - U.S. trade officials said on Tuesday\that former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy would\be a ""strong candidate"" to lead the World Trade Organization,\but stopped short of formally endorsing him."
"CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. NASA is still picking up the pieces after Hurricane Frances, and now the space port is bracing for the even more menacing Ivan."
"INTER MILAN continued their stunning start to the season and top Champions League Group G with a perfect record. A scintilating second-half, with goals from Dejan Stankovic, Christian Vieri Andy Van der Meyde "
"While Iraq remains the controversial center of debate about the war against terrorism, Indonesia is quietly emerging under its new leader as a potentially significant counter to Islamic extremism."
"Getafe, Spain (Sports Network) - Leaders Barcelona survived a late rally by promoted Getafe to earn a 2-1 road win Saturday. The win gives Barca a strong nine point lead over second place Espanyol, which edged Atletico Madrid Saturday 2-1."
"Google AdWords Content Changes Yield Results\\Search Engine Lowdown's Andy Beal had a chance to speak with Google's Mike Mayzel regarding the changes Google made to their AdWords (or AdSense) contextual ad network over the past year. Here are some findings from the conversation.\\Andy on AdWords:\\In partnership with Atlas, Google looked ..."
"SINGAPORE: Singapore Airlines (SIA) will sell its 6.3 percent stake in Air New Zealand, officially ending its venture in the now government-controlled carrier."
A toolkit designed to exploit a recently-disclosed Microsoft JPEG vulnerability has been released onto the net. The toolkit (screen shot from AV firm F-Secure here) makes it trivially easy for maliciously-minded 
Michael Owen scored his fourth goal in four games to help Real Madrid to a 2-0 win over newly promoted Getafe at the Bernabeu Stadium on Sunday night.
"From a much quieter corner of the clubhouse, Houston Astros right fielder Lance Berkman briefly glanced over at the crowd of television cameras and tape recorders encircling teammate Carlos Beltran."
"NEW YORK Oct 28, 2004 - CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt to compete with CNBC after nine years."
WASHINGTON - The State Department will ask the Chinese government about comments by a former senior Chinese official who accused President Bush of trying to  quot;rule over the whole world.
"The Wheaton men's and women's soccer teams are ranked No. 1 in New England among NCAA Division 3 teams and the women, coached by Luis Reis , have the distinction of a No. 1 national ranking the past two weeks."
NEW YORK - Eight US marines have been killed west of Baghdad in a region that has become a flashpoint of anger over the US occupation of Iraq.
EA #39;s street racing sequel on course for its November 15 release on all current-generation consoles and PC. Electronic Arts today announced that Need For Speed Underground 2 has gone gold and is expected to ship to retail stores on November 15.
"Two of the Cabinet #39;s senior members criticised the Prince of Wales yesterday, saying his views on schools, which emerged during a discrimination case, were old-fashioned, out-dated and wrong."
"Fans of the Segway -- the gyroscopically controlled scooter that has been banned on many sidewalks -- are taking solace in the company of other enthusiasts. In San Francisco, this extends to the animal kingdom, as Segway users commandeer a zoo. By Rachel Metz."
"Spain #39;s Oscar Freire won the sixth stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Thursday, and countryman Manuel Beltran of the US Postal Service team kept his lead as the overall standings remained unchanged."
"Reuters - The United States will more\aggressively promote and more tightly coordinate oversight of\its Global Positioning System, the network of satellites used\to determine precise geographic locations, the White House said\on Wednesday."
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday filed a civil lawsuit alleging that media baron Conrad M. Black fraudulently diverted millions of dollars from Hollinger International Inc.
Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presents a detailed timetable for Israel #39;s withdrawal from most of the Gaza Strip.
"RACINE, Wis. Aug. 23, 2004 - John Edwards chose the almost evenly divided state of Wisconsin to tout the Democratic presidential ticket #39;s economic plans and criticize the Bush administration #39;s new rules for overtime pay."
"Wild weather seems to bring out the best in Ernie Els, who was both steady and spectacular yesterday in a cool rain, warm sunshine, and blustery conditions for an 8-under "
"Fueled by optimism for a growing US economy, two advertising forecasters yesterday predicted notable gains for the industry next year, despite the absence of the presidential "
"Daily Telegram Staff Writer. ADRIAN -- In the midst of planning holiday get-togethers, shopping trips and Christmas lists, remember to take time for those not as fortunate."
Fred Funk and PGA Tour rookie Zach Johnson had nearly perfect rounds yesterday and shared a one-stroke lead in the Buick Championship.
"Manu Ginobili score 29 points and the Spurs hold Shaquille O'Neal scoreless down the stretch, beating the Heat, 93-84, Friday."
"Canadian stocks fell, led by Toronto- Dominion Bank, after the lender said it would buy a controlling stake in Banknorth Group Inc."
"AP - Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim is known for his cutting wit, and even his star players can wind up on the receiving end. Preseason All-America Hakim Warrick scored 17 of his 21 points in the second half to lead the fifth-ranked Orange to a 71-58 victory over No. 12 Mississippi State on Thursday night in the semifinals of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic."
"Bayern Munich goalkeeper Oliver Kahn rejected the blame, despite his last-minute blunder, for his team #39;s 1-0 loss against Juventus in the Champions League on Wednesday."
Oct. 4 - A group of private citizens in California are hoping to make another giant leap for mankind. SpaceShipOne has already made it to space and back.
"WORCESTER -- Holy Cross's first meeting with San Diego, last year, was a wild one out West, won by the Toreros, 46-45, in double overtime."
"BellSouth's RealPages to Sell Google AdWords\\RealPages.com from BellSouth yellow pages and Google today announced an agreement whereby RealPages.com will become the first yellow pages publisher authorized to sell advertising through Google AdWords(R) to small and medium-sized local businesses. Under the multi-year agreement, BellSouth will include Google AdWords as an integral ..."
"Air New Zealand said on Tuesday the Australian Competition Tribunal had approved a proposed alliance with Australia #39;s Qantas, despite its rejection in New Zealand."
"Reuters - Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka\Machimura said on Thursday economic sanctions against North\Korea were ""one option,"" but added that care was needed in\deciding whether Tokyo should take such a step immediately."
FCC chairman tells VoIP industry that government shouldn't create too many rules to govern the technology's growth.
Chechnya #39;s Kremlin-backed government says its forces have killed 12 militants in the latest clashes in the breakaway republic.
" COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Paradorn Srichaphan's bid to  become only the second man to win the \$380,000 Long Island Cup  in three successive years ended when he lost 1-6, 6-4, 7-6 to  Luis Horna of Peru in a dramatic semifinal Saturday."
"Kostov said today he is stepping down because of disagreements with one of the ruling coalition #39;s ethnic Albanian partners, the Albanian Union for Integration."
The Chase for the Nextel Cup will begin in earnest Sunday with the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway. It will be the first event of NASCAR #39;s 
"Iraqi capital Baghdad was the scene of two big attacks, which left at least 23 people dead, according to reports. A car bomb went off outside a mosque in an area called Adhamiya in the north of the city, killing 13 people."
"With growth slowing in China, Europe and Japan, some worry that rapidly escalating prices will trigger a self-reinforcing spiral of falling demand."
"LOS ANGELES - Pinch-hitter Lenny Harris delivered a three-run double off Eric Gagne with two outs in the ninth inning, rallying the Florida Marlins past the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-4 Wednesday night.    It was only Gagne's second blown save in 100 chances dating to Aug..."
"AFP - As many as five million deaths are caused by air pollution every year in India, the country's junior Environment and Forest Minister Namo Narayan Meena said."
AP - The Internet's key oversight agency gave a preliminary nod Monday to new domain names targeting mobile services and the jobs market.
Insurgent leaders in Falluja probably fled before the American-led offensive and may be coordinating attacks in Iraq.
"As if on cue, US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair this week both repeated their determination to push ahead with efforts to resolve the Arab-Israeli conflict."
Scientists once calculated that a hurricane gives off about 200 times much energy as all the world #39;s electric plants combined.
"SYDNEY, Australia -- Australias Rod Pampling got off to a rough start Saturday and finished with a 3-over-par 74, leaving him one stroke ahead of countryman Richard Green entering the last round of the centennial Australian Open."
"SEOUL : South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun made a surprise visit to his troops in northern Iraq on his way home from a European tour, a top presidential aide said."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for U.S. durable goods posted  a larger-than-expected rise in July, but new home sales showed  signs of buckling under the weight of higher interest rates,  two government reports showed on Wednesday."
The United Nations has put off for this year the question of whether to draft a treaty that would ban all human cloning. Diplomats instead settled on a compromise political declaration.
"MADRID, Nov 19 (AFP) - Spam, the junk mail that clogs the in-box of hundreds of millions of e-mail users, could become a thing of the past in around two years time, Microsoft chairman Bill Gates said on a visit to Madrid on Friday."
"Microsoft Corp finally, it seems, has something in common with Linux: the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of Windows in emerging markets."
"As expected, the Yankees bumped first baseman Jason Giambi off the playoff roster yesterday to save a place for tired-armed righthander Orlando Hernandez , who manager Joe Torre said will get  quot;every opportunity to be in the mix. quot;"
"SEPTEMBER 28, 2004 (REUTERS) - Telecommunications equipment maker Motorola Inc. said today that it would cut 1,000 jobs and take related charges of about \$50 million to focus on its wireless business."
Boca Ratons Vince Spadea became the latest victim of the top seed curse that has existed at the Delray Beach-based tournament since it began in 1993.
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed above \$42 a barrel  on Wednesday, rising for the third day in a row as the heavy  consuming U.S. Northeast feels the first chills of winter."
"The average Internet-enabled PC hosts 26 spyware programs, according to an audit by Internet service provider EarthLink, a sign of increasing bombardment by malicious software."
 TAIPEI (Reuters) - The pro-independence party of Taiwan  President Chen Shui-bian suffered a surprise defeat in weekend  legislative elections that could ease tensions with China but  paralyze government on the democratic island.
"The world #39;s dwindling panda population is getting a helping hand from a wireless internet network. The Wolong Nature Reserve in the Sichuan Province of southwest China is home to 20 of the remaining 1,500 giant pandas in the world."
More weaknesses appear in the Diebold electronic voting system that activists say could be used to rig the November election. The company says auditing procedures would catch any vote fraud. By Kim Zetter.
"Porto, Portugal (Sports Network) - Champions League holder FC Porto and defending Bundesliga champion Werder Bremen each produced late goals Tuesday to secure advancement into the knockout stage of this season #39;s Champions League competition."
"Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who heads for disputed Kashmir this week, said on Sunday his visit was aimed at putting an end to years of violence in the troubled Himalayan region."
An Israeli army captain accused of riddling a 13-year-old Palestinian girl #39;s body with bullets after his unit killed her was charged on Tuesday with conduct unbecoming an officer and illegal discharge of a weapon.
An audit of last week #39;s recall vote in Venezuela has found no evidence of fraud in the process that endorsed President Hugo Chavez as leader.
Crude prices have hit record highs as Nigeria emerges as the new focus of worries about supply security on world oil markets. London Brent on the International Petroleum 
"Dixon finishes ninth overall in the championship with a second placing his best result of the season. He now takes a break, with a fair amount of testing lined up over our summer."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Wireless said on Thursday that  it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom Inc. to  purchase all of its airwave licenses for \$3 billion.
"KHARTOUM, Sudan - The violence in Sudan #39;s western province of Darfur, where more than 30,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands have been displaced, is widely portrayed as an ethnic-cleansing campaign by Arab militias ..."
AFP - The Indian cricket board has announced a long-awaited list of contracted players under a new system which starts from October 1.
The main rivals of Afghan President Hamid Karzai swallowed their bitterness on Thursday over cases of vote fraud and accepted defeat a day after a UN-Afghan election panel declared Karzai the winner of a historic Oct. 9 election.
"Most Britons are taking precautions against identity fraud, a new survey has found."
"AP - The possibility of terrorist attacks at sports events should not stop fans from going to stadiums, Europe's anti-terror chief said Tuesday."
"The Eagles' connection of Donovan McNabb-to-Terrell Owens hooks up three times as they easily run past the Giants, 31-17, on Sunday."
"JUST when the financial-services industry thought it had made peace with New Yorks attorney-general, Eliot Spitzer showed that his battle with the investment banks had whetted rather than sated his appetite for combat."
"Earlier this season driver Johnny Sauter was fined \$25,000 and docked 25 points after cursing during a radio interview following a Busch Series race in Las Vegas."
"Alex, Wendy, Dirk and Kyle Komarnitsky would like you to help them with their Christmas decorations. Or more precisely, the family in Lafayette, Colorado, want you to turn on and off the 17,000 Christmas lights "
"Fourth seed Rainer Schuettler reached the second round of China Open here on Monday with a 6-4, 6-3 victory over unseeded Australian Paul Baccanello."
David Beckham and Real Madrids underfire galacticos are breathing a sigh of relief after another trademark free-kick by the England captain secured a 1-0 win over Osasuna.
"Reuters - Sudan's two Darfur rebel groups\walked out of peace talks in Nigeria for 24 hours Saturday,\saying they needed to mourn 75 civilians killed by Sudanese\government forces and Arab Janjaweed militia in the last three\days."
Jeff Suppan pitches seven strong innings and Albert Pujols drives in four runs to eliminate the Dodgers from the postseason with a 6-2 win on Sunday.
"TOKYO Suzuki Motor said Monday that it planned to invest up to 25 billion, or \$228 million, to make minicars and diesel engines in India, expanding in Asia #39;s fourth-largest vehicle market."
" BEIJING (Reuters) - The world's two most populous nations  promised Wednesday to eradicate ignorance about AIDS, a disease  that was at first dismissed by many as a Western evil confined  to drug users, homosexuals and prostitutes."
"PRINCETON, NJ (CP) - Philadelphia Flyers head coach Ken Hitchcock is joining the coaching staff of Princeton #39;s men #39;s hockey team during the NHL lockout."
"U.S. blue chips were higher today, led by shares of major oil producers benefiting from higher crude oil prices, which broke through the \$50 a barrel mark."
A report released Wednesday shows commitment by 85 countries to end the practice - but enforcement still lags. By Mike Crawley  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
"Hewlett-Packard exec promises ""very cool"" media hardware--with Hollywood-friendly copyright protection built in."
"When Jason Giambi admitted to a federal grand jury in San Francisco in December 2003 that he had taken steroids and human growth hormone, he had been granted immunity from prosecution if he told the truth but faced a perjury charge if he did not."
"Computer Associates International plans to launch an upgraded version of its Unicenter management software  quot;just before the summer of 2005, quot; Ken Cron, CA #39;s interim CEO, said Tuesday."
Samsung Electronics has developed ultra-fast 1Gb OneNand Flash memory designed for next-generation mobile phones which it claims boasts a fourfold read speed increase over conventional Nand Flash performance.
"Arsenal could only manage a 1-1 draw away to Norwegian champions Rosenborg in the Champions League. While the Gunners have been unbeatable in the Premiership, they have struggled to make their mark in Europe and last night was another worrying evening."
"NASA -- When Space Shuttle Discovery rolls to the pad next year, the trip is guaranteed to be on firm ground. That's because the Crawler Transporters used to carry the Space Shuttles to the launch pads are being overhauled, including the installation of new tread shoes..."
MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian dairy company National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) Friday signaled there is a remote chance a rival bidder may challenge the hostile A\$1.
"SPEAKING AT the Etre conference in Cannes, the darling of the IT industry and president and CEO of SCO, Darl McBride warned everyone in sight about the risk of not protecting their intellectual property from open source  quot;bandits quot; -or so the journos that "
Didier Drogba hit the winner nine minutes from the end as unbeaten Chelsea broke its scoring drought with a 1-0 victory at Middlesbrough on Saturday to go top of the Premier League for at least two hours.
"ATHENS They bounded onto the court with the joy of kindergartners, skipping to the beat of the sound system, turning a simple layup drill into a recess game."
"Reuters - Dwyane Wade poured in 26 points and\dished out nine assists as the Miami Heat scorched the\expansion Charlotte Bobcats 113-90 in NBA action on Saturday,\to extend their franchise record win streak to 14 games."
"A director of an international charity in Iraq has been kidnapped as she was being driven to work in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, a British-born Iraqi national, was abducted in the capital, CARE International UK said in London."
"As the first day of the second Test between India and Australia in Chennai progressed, umpire David Shepherd #39;s face progressively turned deeper shades of mauve -- and the heat in Chennai had nothing to do with it."
"NEW YORK, Sept. 8 -- Viacom Inc., the media company that owns CBS and MTV, offered investors a financial incentive to buy shares of the Blockbuster Inc."
"Oklahoma and USC, 12-0 like the Tigers, head to the Orange Bowl title game while Texas vaults Cal for a BCS berth. By wire services."
" MADRID (Reuters) - French police have found two  Russian-made surface-to-air missiles among huge arms caches  uncovered during a swoop against Basque separatist guerrilla  group ETA, officials said on Tuesday."
"EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Jason Kidd scored ten points in his season debut to help the New Jersey Nets beat the Toronto Raptors 88-to-86."
"LOS ANGELES - Elmer Bernstein, the versatile, Oscar-winning composer who scored such movie classics as ""The Ten Commandments,""""The Magnificent Seven,""""To Kill a Mockingbird,""""The Great Escape"" and ""True Grit,"" died Wednesday. He was 82..."
Trade between India and Pakistan increases after the nations embarked on a peace process although it remains a tiny fraction of overall exports.
"ROME, Italy -- Italy #39;s Mauro Camoranesi is a major doubt for Wednesday #39;s crunch World Cup qualifier at home to Belarus. The Argentina-born midfielder has a left thigh strain and a bruised right leg and has "
Bridgetown - Islanders scrambled to put up storm shutters and buy water as Hurricane Ivan churned toward Barbados just days after Hurricane Frances tore across the Caribbean.
BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Signed 3B Troy Glaus to a four-year contract. Atlanta (NL): Signed 1B Julio Franco. Chicago (AL): Signed OF Jermaine Dye. Los Angeles (NL): Signed 2B Jeff Kent. New York (AL): Named Neil Allen bullpen coach and Rich Monteleone special pitching instructor. San Diego (NL): Signed OF Eric Young; designated P Mike Bynum for assignment.
AP - Could that ancient practice of bleeding patients really have done some good? A scientist says new research on how germs thrive in the body suggests it just may have  #151; for some people.
"AP - Greg Maddux pitched the Chicago Cubs into the lead in the NL wild-card race and gave Dusty Baker a win to remember. Maddux threw seven shutout innings for his 302nd career win, Baker got his 1,000th victory as a manager and Chicago beat the Montreal Expos 5-2 on Monday night."
Lycos claims to have come up with a novel solution to spam by letting the public get their revenge on the spammers. The company has developed a downloadable screensaver which generates traffic on the websites of known spammers.
"TEHRAN, Iran -- Iran said Saturday that it would continue its nuclear program but provide  quot;guarantees quot; not to build atomic weapons, and warned Washington that the United States cannot stabilize neighboring Iraq and Afghanistan without Tehran #39;s help."
"Bangalore, Oct 5. (PTI):The ultimate tussle of contemporary Test cricket begins here tomorrow as Australia launch a  quot;well-planned quot; mission to conquer the  #39;Final Frontier quot; and record their first series win on Indian soil in 35 years."
"Madrid - At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down."
"Every night, millions of cashed checks fly around the country, headed for their home bank. Starting Thursday, technology will begin grounding many of those flights."
"By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Researchers at the University of Illinois in Chicago have confirmed what many high-tech workers have long suspected: The job market for technology experts remains bleak, years after the U.S. recession officially ended in late 2001..."
"Astana - Hanoi, October 11 KAZINFORM -- President Roh Moo-hyun said Monday he did not expect North Korea to go to extremes over the issue of its nuclear weapons development program."
"Domain Popularity By Alan Webb\\This article was contributed by Alan Webb from ABAKUS Internet Marketing, a long time friend of mine in this industry with a unique grasp of the International Search Marketing Industry. A buzz phrase for some time now in SEO circles has been 'Link Popularity'. Rightly so ..."
"Oracle is now seeing the MySQL database user base as an opportunity, unlike two years ago, when Oracle CEO Larry Ellison said users of the open source product are not the people who would buy Oracle because they did not have any money. "
THIERRY HENRY inspired Arsenal to a victorious start to their Champions League campaign as Arsene Wenger #39;s side proved patience is a virtue at home to a cautious PSV Eindhoven side.
"boarder8925 writes  quot;The Register posted an article today that detailed the PlayStation Portable #39;s chip specs. The CPU will run at up to 333MHz, and its frontside bus at up to 166MHz."
"By VLADIMIR ISACHENKOV     MOSCOW (AP) -- Russia's space program is recovering from its post-Soviet financial meltdown, but government spending is still just a fraction of what is needed to revive the program to its former glory, top Russian space experts said Monday.    Some critics have assailed the Kremlin for allowing Russia to lose its edge in space exploration - an edge exemplified by the launch exactly 47 years ago of Sputnik, the world's first satellite..."
"Martin Brodeur casually strolled through Canada #39;s dressing room on Sunday with a noticeable wrap on his injured left wrist. He said he felt good, just not well enough to join his teammates on the ice in preparation "
Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - The B.C. government will hold its first byelection since being elected in 2001 on Oct. 28.
"Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole, extending the search engine with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world."
"MOSCOW, December 17 (RIA Novosti) - Yesterday, a Houston court started hearing Yukos #39;s petition for bankruptcy. The company filed the petition to contest the December 19 auction of a 77 stake in its main "
"For a few hours Friday night, the Braves pushed aside events of a lousy week and got back to playing like a team with aspirations greater that a first-round exit from the playoffs."
"Jack Nicklaus was as stunned as anyone by the outcome of the Ryder Cup, and he will captain the U.S. team in the Presidents Cup at Robert Trent Jones Golf Club in September."
"David Beckham returned to Manchester today for a book signing, to promote a new edition of his autobiography. The footballer posed for photographers before signing copies of David Beckham: My Side for eager fans."
Rockstar updates official Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas site with info on the game #39;s soundtrack. Rockstar Games updated the official Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas site with information on the ten radio stations 
"Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it will provide mobile Internet services to Nextel Communications Inc."
"Even without hitting home runs, the St. Louis Cardinals' potent attack continued to pummel the Los Angeles Dodgers, 8-3, Thursday."
"By MICHAEL HILL    (AP) -- Americans are more calorie-conscious and holding the line on weight gain after years of expanding waistlines, according to a market survey released Wednesday, but nutrition experts were wary of the findings.    The NPD Group's annual survey on eating habits found the portion of overweight Americans holding at 62 percent for a second year..."
"suspect may have been the latest in a spate of arson attacks against religious targets.  quot;We are assuming it was arson, quot; police spokeswoman Judith Verbaan said of Saturday #39;s blaze at Helden."
"No. 1 automaker #39;s plan may affect 20 of European work force as it aims to save \$500Ma year. FRANKFURT (Reuters) - General Motors, the world #39;s largest automaker, is expected to unveil a plan this week to cut "
"JOS MOURINHO, the Chelsea manager, is full of bravado but when, on Thursday night, he stated that he wanted to meet Barcelona in the last 16 of the European Cup, he was not bluffing."
"The Dallas Mavericks, seeking depth at point guard, will acquire veteran Darrell Armstrong from New Orleans in a trade for the inexperienced Dan Dickau, the Mavs announced Friday."
" Orbimage of Dulles, a satellite imaging company, was awarded a four-year contract for about \$500 million by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency."
Wal-Mart Stores Incorporate vice chairman Tom Coughlin is retiring from the Bentonville-based retailer. Coughlin #39;s responsibilities include overseeing Wal-Mart and Sam #39;s Club warehouse stores.
"Perfect 10 is suing Google for unspecified damages, alleging copyright infringement. Google provides unauthorized access to thousands of its copyrighted pictures, Perfect 10 says."
"The worst kept secret in Scottish football was revealed on Thursday when Walter Smith was named as the new national manager. From the moment Berti Vogts #39; miserable tenure in charge of Scotland ended, the former "
Rentokil warned investors to expect lower profits for 2005 after reported a fall in profits for most of the 2004 and revealed it was finally washing its hands of parts of its UK hygiene business.
"All Tim Wakefield needed to do last night, it turned out, was pitch adequately and emerge uninjured to secure a spot in the postseason rotation. He did both, prompting the Red Sox to announce after an 8-3 victory over the Orioles at Camden Yards that Wakefield and Bronson Arroyo would pitch Games 3 and 4 of the American ..."
"With the Rockets seemingly headed to another tough home loss, Tracy McGrady puts them on his back by scoring 13 points in the final 35 seconds as Houston stuns the Spurs, 81-80."
"Reuters - A key gauge of future economic\activity weakened for a third straight month in August as\costlier oil spread worry among consumers and businesses, a\report from a business research group showed on Thursday ."
"South Korea on Monday imposed a temporary import ban on plasma display panels made by Matsushita, the Japanese consumer electronics maker, after LG Electronics complained its rival had violated its intellectual property rights."
"US Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell says that after the presidential election he will try to wrest regulatory control of voice over IP from the states because to thrive as a business, the technology needs a single, easy-handed "
Security flaw involving JPEG files affects at least a dozen Microsoft software applications and operating systems.
"Internet travel sites are cheating cities on taxes by pocketing the difference between the hotel room tax they pay and the amount collected from consumers, the city of Los Angeles said in a lawsuit filed last week."
"TechWeb - As password breaking mischief by hackers, phishers, and spoofers continues to grow in the consumer-PC space, AOL, this week, will offer RSA Security Inc.'s purportedly ironclad password-security service to its 23 million customers."
AP - Geologist David Johnston wouldn't have died on Mount St. Helens today.
"Game Over: Kasparov and the Machine, a film about the historic 1997 chess match between Garry Kasparov and IBM's Deep Blue, focuses on whether humans interceded on the computer's behalf but fails to convince. By Jason Silverman."
"LOS ANGELES (IFPI) - The company and operators behind the Puretunes.com website, an online service which formerly sold unauthorized unlimited music downloads, have agreed to an out-of-court settlement of a copyright infringement lawsuit brought last year "
"Editor #39;s Note: Published on page A2 of the Oct. 31, 2004 issue of the Philippine Daily Inquirer. DESPITE the threat by a splinter Taliban group to kill a Filipino diplomat and two other hostages unless security "
Chelsea coasted to a 3-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain thanks to two Didier Drogba goals to open Champions League play in style Tuesday.
"AP - Three-dimensional movies at home, without the silly glasses, have been a science-fiction dream for at least as long as Dick Tracy's wristwatch cell phone and the household robot."
"Insurer Tower is going ahead with a plan to spin off its Australian money management business, raising A\$130 million (\$143 million) for acquisitions in the transtasman life and general insurance markets."
"Governor Easley announced today that the computer maker is building a manufacturing facility somewhere in the Triad cities, creating at least 15-hundred jobs and investing 100 (m) million dollars during the next five years."
"In doing some reporting for Sun #39;s Solaris 10 announcement Monday, I asked some analysts for their thoughts on Sun #39;s overall Solaris vs."
"In the Deutsche Bank field of 156 golfers, many are well-known, but a lot are far removed from the spotlight. Meet another of those unheralded golfers -- PGA Tour rookie Zach Johnson. He won the BellSouth Classic in April and ranks 23d on the money list, but he's hardly a household name. Yet."
"BOSTON -- After suffering decades of defeat and disappointment, the 2004 Boston Red Sox made history Wednesday night, beating the Yankees in the house that Ruth built and claiming the American League championship trophy."
Queen Elizabeth II stopped short of apologizing for the Allies #39; bombing of Dresden during her first state visit to Germany in 12 years and instead acknowledged  quot;the appalling suffering of war on both sides.
Gymnast Paul Hamm became the first-ever American to win the men #39;s all-around title in one of the closest-ever Olympic competitions.
"Though the number of welfare recipients continues to decline, poverty rates -- particularly for single mothers and children -- have surged in recent years."
"UPDATE, SUN 9PM: More than a million people have left their homes in Cuba, as Hurricane Ivan approaches. The ferocious storm is headed that way, after ripping through the Cayman Islands, tearing off roofs, flooding homes and causing general havoc."
"Reuters - Tourist boat rides will resume on\Monday in a Ugandan national park hit by an anthrax outbreak\that has killed about 180 hippos in the last three months,\officials said."
German newspapers on Thursday commented on Turkey coming a step closer to fulfilling a 40 year old dream after the European Commission recommended that the EU begin membership talks with Ankara.
ENGLAND #39;S attempt to complete a memorable summer by landing their first major one-day trophy ended in thrilling failure as West Indies scampered to a two-wicket success in fading light to win the ICC Champions Trophy final.
"As Intel moves in step with the rest of the chip industry toward the multicore design era, it is preparing to overhaul the memory bus architecture that has served it well for so many years, according to company executives and analysts."
"com December 2, 2004, 12:29 PM PT. This priority jumped up two spots into second place as CRM returns into the spotlight among top software initiatives alongside directory services and open source."
"Vijay Singh didnt have his golf clubs. He wasnt inside the ropes where hes gotten so comfortable this year, either. As Singh looked out at the gathering of "
"A senior North Korean official denied reports that the secretive communist state was preparing a missile launch, saying they were pure speculation, Japan #39;s Kyodo news agency reported today."
"Five record companies are suing Sharman Networks, creator of the file-swapping technology Kazaa, for music piracy in Australia #39;s Federal Court."
"World News: New York, Oct 25 : Global steel major Ispat International Monday announced it was acquiring LNM Holdings of the Netherlands to become the world #39;s largest steel producer."
"AP - Federal regulators have accused University of California researchers of mistreating animals used in medical experiments over a three-year period, according to a complaint made public Tuesday by an animal-rights group."
"IceRocket Adds Blog Search to New Features\\IceRocket, the search engine that has been hailed by many for their approach to ""pioneering commercial search by putting the interests of wants and consumers before advertisers"" has recently added some new features which are sure to increase their buzz - but not as ..."
"AP - Russell Branyan and Keith Ginter each hit three-run homers, rookie Ben Hendrickson earned his first major league victory, and the Milwaukee Brewers sent the Cincinnati Reds to their fifth straight loss with a 7-3 victory Saturday night."
"Having established itself as a women #39;s soccer power in the Ivy League, Princeton made a significant leap into the NCAA #39;s upper echelon this year by reaching the College Cup for the first time."
 ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Monday it would seek  changes in the European Commission's report on its candidacy  before EU leaders meet on Dec. 17 to decide whether to open  entry talks with Ankara.
"Tony Blair has offered his Labour party a partial apology for waging war in Iraq, striving to pull angry supporters behind him ahead of an election next year."
Reuters - Microsoft Corp. Chief Operating\Officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday warned Asian governments that\they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for\using rival open-source operating platforms such as Linux.
THE FEDS have fingered the collar of a Connecticut computer hacker. He #39;s been charged with flogging copies of Microsoft Windows proprietary source code.
"ATA Holdings Corp., parent of ATA Airlines, the nation #39;s 10th-largest carrier, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization yesterday, becoming the third US airline operating under court protection."
"Change is coming for AT T Wireless's 21.7 million customers -- although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores. The cell phone provider is expected to complete its \$41 billion merger with Cingular Wireless within weeks.\\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Haiti #39;s interim prime minister said Friday that he is seeking a warrant against ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide amid allegations of corruption."
"NEW YORK - Just in time for Monday #39;s 41st anniversary of President John F. Kennedy #39;s assassination, a tasteless Internet game is being launched that lets players be Lee Harvey Oswald."
"The Seattle lefty gives up his 40th and 41st homers of the season as Boston wins 9-0. By Kirby Arnold. SEATTLE - One day after he joined baseball #39;s 40-home-run club, Manny Ramirez dragged Jamie Moyer into it."
"AP - The first U.S. cases of the fungus soybean rust, which hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday."
"AP - Rodrigo Lopez shut down the Yankees into the eighth inning, outpitching Kevin Brown and leading the Baltimore Orioles to a 3-1 victory Friday night that cut New York's AL East lead over Boston to 2 1/2 games."
"NEW YORK - Under a new resolution on Sudan proposed on Friday by Britain, the warring parties in both western and southern Sudan would be pushed anew to find a comprehensive peace."
Sol Campbell today revealed that he has agreed to sign a new long-term contract at Arsenal. The England defender is expecting to tie up a few loose ends over the next couple of weeks before making an official announcement.
"Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said it launched an unsolicited \$970 million offer for Robert Mondavi Corp."
AFP - Rockets rained on cities and military outposts across Afghanistan as the war-weary nation prepared to go to the polls in Saturday's historic presidential elections.
"Taiwan capital says network will reach 90 of population of 3M, will charge users for access. TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available across the Taiwan capital by the end "
The X Prize Foundation and the World Technology Network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation and breakthroughs in a range of scientific arenas.
"Unocal Corp. and the Royal Dutch/Shell Group are withdrawing from a natural gas exploration project in the East China Sea, the companies said Wednesday, citing  quot;commercial reasons."
 LONDON (Reuters) - The world's biggest hotelier  InterContinental Hotels Group Plc said on Friday it was selling  13 hotels in the Americas for \$450 million as part of its  strategy of selling assets while still managing the hotels.
"Bill Gates may be the world #39;s most generous philanthropist, but the technical teams under his charge may well experience the uncharitable side of his nature today."
"The Federal Communications Commission has approved rules which it claims will encourage development of broadband access over power lines, a new technology that provides access to high speed broadband services using the nation #39;s power grid instead of phone "
Google won an important test case in the US yesterday when a federal court judge cleared its practice of selling ads around internet searches conducted for trademarked terms.
"Two Italian aid workers have been released, three weeks after being kidnapped in Baghdad. Also free are two Iraqis abducted at the same time."
"SBC Communications Inc., the second-biggest US local telephone company, was warned by the top communications regulator against using tariffs on Internet phone calls to hamper competition."
"ISLAMABAD: Hundreds of Indian Sikhs arrived in Pakistan yesterday to commemorate the 535th anniversary of the birth of the founder of their religion, officials said."
"Microsofts Windows CE surpassed Palm OS shipments in worldwide PDA operating systems market in 3Q. Worldwide personal digital assistant (PDA) shipments exceeded 2.8 million units, as Microsoft Windows CE "
"World News, VIENNA - The head of the UN nuclear watchdog agency is unlikely to drop plans for a new term despite US anger after pre-election revelations of missing Iraq explosives, a diplomat close to the agency said Saturday."
"A militant group run by a Jordanian-born insurgent released a videotape showing its members killing three men identified as Turkish hostages, according to al-Jazeera television."
"PARIS -- Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records show no definite diagnosis explaining his death, his nephew said Monday."
"There will be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping this week as top retailers report their earnings. The third quarter was rough for retailers, with "
IBM has added a new feature to WebSphere Application Server designed to help safeguard Internet business applications against outages.
Chittagong - Fast bowler Kyle Mills grabbed four wickets in a dream spell as New Zealand thrashed Bangladesh by 138 runs in the opening one-day international here on Tuesday.
"THEY took 40 minutes to get into their majestic stride, but once they did so there was no stopping Australia as the world champions secured an opening victory in the Gillette Tri-Nations with a rousing defeat of New Zealand."
The Boise Airport is bracing for the two busiest travel days of the year on Wednesday and Sunday. Travelers are advised to arrive at least two hours before their departure time.
"Ineffective in the second half after a very good first half. Jerald Sowell, Kareem McKenzie, Pete Kendall and Kevin Mawae stood out in run-blocking, with Sowell, Kendall and Mawae doing a good job on linebacker Ray Lewis in the first half."
"Symantec plans to integrate Stake's services and applications into its global professional services offerings, but offered no details on the acquisition."
The company has come up with some on-demand advertising. Will it woo viewers?
"In a historic development in the computing world, IBM has succeeded in re-writing the rulebook for ultra-powerful computing by developing the worlds most powerful supercomputer- Blue Gene/L supercomputer, surpassing NECs Earth Simulator in Japan."
Dell Inc. is expected to add a splash of color to its laser printer lineup Wednesday with three new models for businesses and home-office users.
"Oil prices fell sharply Wednesday after a government report that US inventories of crude rose 3.4 million barrels last week, surprising many traders and analysts who had expected to see supplies shrink because of lingering production problems in the wake "
"The global mobile phone market is expected to see a slow down in market growth due to the lack of additional catalysts, US high tech market research firm IDC warned on Tuesday."
"Insurgents threatened on Saturday to cut the throats of two Americans and a Briton seized in Baghdad, and launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in Kirkuk that killed at least 23 people."
"There is little cause for celebration in the stock market these days, but investors in value-focused mutual funds have reason to feel a bit smug -- if only because they've lost less than the folks who stuck with growth."
McAfee Inc.'s purchase of Foundstone follows several moves in the past year to focus its product offerings and bolster its standing in the intrusion detection and prevention market.
"Reuters - DaimlerChrysler's (DCXGn.DE)\third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below\analyst expectations, as gains at U.S. arm Chrysler helped\offset weaker earnings at premium carmaker Mercedes."
" quot;You always have your goals, quot; Maddux said Thursday after leading the Chicago Cubs over the Pittsburgh Pirates 4-3.  quot;One of them is always to win 20."
"Reuters - Intel Corp. , the largest\maker of microchips, on Thursday raised its quarterly revenue\target, citing strong worldwide demand for its microprocessors,\and its shares jumped nearly 6 percent in after-hours trading."
South African President Thabo Mbeki said Sunday he was ready to make concrete proposals to revive a peace process in Ivory Coast after visiting the rebel-held north of the country on a mediation mission.
XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. said Thursday its third-quarter loss narrowed due to a sharp revenue increase from the company's growing subscriber ranks.
"TOKYO Japan #39;s once-robust recovery slowed to a near standstill in the third quarter as consumer spending weakened more than expected, according to revised growth figures released on Wednesday."
"A long-awaited microprocessor developed by IBM Corp., Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. will go into early production next year and start appearing in video game consoles, high "
"Danish midfielder Jesper Gronkjaer is about to join Atletico Madrid from English premier league side Birmingham next week, the Spanish club announced on Thursday."
Rafael Benitez won a prized reputation in Spain as a lucky manager...and hes certainly brought all that good fortune with him to Liverpool.
Stocks bobbed higher at Monday #39;s open after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.
"Richard Branson #39;s mobile phone group, which was listed in July, said first-half margins would be well ahead of last year and it expected capital expenditure, as a percentage of revenue, to be below 4pc in the first half and at a similar level for the full "
"AP - Brian Lawrence settled down after a shaky start to pitch six solid innings, and Brian Giles had three hits including a tiebreaking homer Wednesday night to lead the San Diego Padres over the Los Angeles Dodgers 7-3."
IBM has revealed additions to its Rational software development tool lineup and said its architecting and modeling tools will support Unified Modeling Language 2.0 by the end of the year.
David Beckham has admitted the foul on Ben Thatcher which earned him a yellow card in England #39;s World Cup qualifying win over Wales was premeditated.
"OAKLAND - The weekend showdown and pitching matchups were perfect for a season-ending billing, but the unheralded stars Friday night became even more amazing for pennant-drive stories."
Members of the 'Havana Night Club' severed national ties to Cuba for a new beginning.
"AFP - A decade ago, Britain's magazine market was shaken up by a series of men's titles which offered an unsubtle mix of football, humour and scantily-clad women. Now a new revolution has begun, using much the same formula."
 GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli air strikes killed two Hamas  militants in Gaza on Thursday just after the Islamic group  renewed its threats to continue rocket attacks against Israelis  despite a massive army offensive aimed at stopping them.
Chile #39;s government said that tens of thousands of people were tortured during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet and that the victims will receive reparations.
AP - Pau Gasol scored 20 points and Shane Battier hit four free throws in the final 20 seconds to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 72-68 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night.
"Canadian Press - STAVANGER, Norway (AP) - The Norwegian Shipowners Association threatened on Monday to lock out more oil and gas rig workers, a move analysts said could result in a near shutdown of the third-largest petroleum exporter's production and drive world oil prices even higher."
"TORONTO (CP) - Air Canada #39;s new regional jets, including 50-seat Bombardier planes that start arriving next month, will put the company in better shape to compete than its rivals, CEO Robert Milton boasted Monday."
" NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's government warned Shi'ite  cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Thursday he would face a military  strike within hours unless he ended his uprising, disarmed his  militia and quit a shrine in the city of Najaf."
"Reuters - California's pioneering law aimed\at cracking down on spyware -- signed this week to curb the\software that hides on computers and secretly follows users\around the Web -- is only a partial step toward protecting\consumers, critics said on Friday."
"WASHINGTON When Alan Greenspan finally retires from the Federal Reserve, will he leave behind any of his DNA? After more than 18 remarkable years as Fed chairman, the owlish and idiosyncratic Greenspan will be required by law to step down in January 2006."
"The nation #39;s top arthritis painkiller, Celebrex, raises the risk of major heart problems when taken at high doses, the drug #39;s maker said Friday."
"The Green Bay Packers finally got a glimpse of life without Brett Favre on Sunday. And with their franchise quarterback watching the last 1 1/2 quarters from the sidelines, there wasn #39;t much life in the Green Bay Packers."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Commercial truck maker Navistar  International Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NAV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NAV.N&lt;/A&gt; reported higher quarterly earnings  on Thursday, but its shares fell more than 5 percent as the  market focused on lower-than-expected profit from its core  manufacturing operations."
"In March, NASA launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 5,000 mph. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust."
"Memo outlines converting four divisions into two, as company refocuses."
Fears of a falling US dollar pushed stocks lower Monday as investor concerns about rising inflation outweighed their satisfaction with a decent start to the holiday shopping season.
"AP - Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy."
"AP - Because his job involves driving around on Mars all day, Cornell University astronomer Steve Squyres is glad he no longer has to make a cross-country commute to get home."
"Apple Computer may have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac computers, but competitors "
"Antigua needs to implement an aggressive reform program to break years of fiscal mismanagement and lift itself out of deep debt, the International Monetary Fund said Friday."
GREENSBORO - Brent Geiberger was handed a cell phone late Sunday night and pressed it against his ear. A familiar voice came out the other end.
"Apple Computer #39;s OS X, the operating system in its Macintosh personal computers, is Apple #39;s most Windows-friendly OS to date, but it won #39;t run Windows applications."
SPORTS NETWORK - Chad Pennington threw three touchdown passes to lead the New York Jets to a 41-14 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Giants Stadium.
creating a global company based on Australian technology and research. Moreover he did it under the noses 
"FORT COLLINS - Days after the end of a busy season, hurricane forecasters are calling for an above-average Atlantic season again next year."
Federal officials Wednesday proposed requiring automakers to install monitors in each wheel on a car to warn drivers when pressure falls more than 25 in any of the tires.
"British telephone users now have a new code prefix - 056 - for VoIP numbers with cyberspace locations. The United Kingdom #39;s media and telecommunications regulator, Ofcom, has released plans to help the take "
BEIJING - China said yesterday that a deadly strain of bird flu was found in pigs last year but denied that the animals had the disease this year.
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.65 percent  to a fresh three-month closing low on Monday as crude oil  prices again hit record highs in Asian trading hours, clouding  the outlook for the global economy."
"LONDON : Irish no-frills airline Ryanair said it had signed a 10-year engine maintenance deal with GE Engine Services, a division of US-based conglomerate General Electric."
"Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, a billionaire who made his fortune by co-founding Broadcast.com and selling it to Yahoo! Inc., said he #39;s starting a hedge fund based on gambling."
AP - Terrell Owens caught his third touchdown pass of the game and the Philadelphia Eagles took a 42-21 lead over the Dallas Cowboys after three quarters Monday night.
"BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson were paired for the first time in Friday's opening match of the Ryder Cup, a dynamic twosome that hoped to get the United States rolling toward bringing the chalice back to this side of the Atlantic..."
"ALICANTE, Spain : Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero wasted no time getting down to business, brushing aside Fabrice Santoro to put the hosts level with France 1-1 in their World Group Davis Cup semi-final tie."
"All of Formula One #39;s 10 teams, with the exception of Ferrari, have signed up to a cost-cutting scheme which could save the threatened British Grand Prix."
Adobe Systems is making Kodak's Ofoto the preferred online printing service in consumer versions of its Photoshop image editing applications.
Wales manager Mark Hughes today refused to condemn David Beckham after the England captain admitted he deliberately got himself booked during Saturday #39;s clash with Ben Thatcher at Old Trafford.
Foreign-born New Yorkers who plead guilty to misdemeanors are increasingly being turned over to immigration authorities for deportation.
"TORONTO (CP) - Stocks finished higher Wednesday but well off highs of the day, as a runup in the price of oil cooled investor response to a merger between US retail giants Kmart and Sears, Roebuck and strong economic data."
"By The Associated Press. Shaquille O #39;Neal scored a season-high 40 points, and the host Miami Heat overcame the loss of Dwyane Wade, its leading scorer, to beat the Washington Wizards "
"In a interview on CNN #39;s  quot;Larry King Live quot; in September 1996, Michael D. Eisner, chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, praised its former president, Michael S. Ovitz."
North Korea has described US President George W. Bush as a tyrannical political imbecile. who put Adolf Hitler in the shade and said Pyongyang could see no justification for talks with his administration.
" NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The foreign ministers of India and  Pakistan said on Monday they had made modest progress in talks  to revive a flagging peace process, but the two nations showed  no sign of resolving any differences over Kashmir."
By edu h. lopez. Network Appliance (NetApp) has unveiled its strategy for the Philippine market as it strengthens its strategic partnership with Oracle and VERITAS.
"On September 13, 2001, most Americans were still reeling from the shock of the terrorist attacks on New York and the Pentagon two days before."
"But that #39;s OK. Because after a 31-14 rout of the St. Louis Rams, they can #39;t be called total losers either. It was a whole team effort, #39; #39; said quarterback Jay Fiedler "
QI #39;m about to replace a couple of older computers whose Web browsers have memorized the user IDs and passwords I use at many financial sites.
"Harry Redknapp quit Portsmouth after the relationship with chairman Milan Mandaric became untenable, though the manager diplomatically said he simply felt it was time for a break."
"The IOC executive board met early on Sunday to rule on the case, which shocked the host nation days after its top sprint pair withdrew after missing an eve-of-Games dope test."
"Cellular industry arch-rivals Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless reached an accord yesterday, with Verizon Wireless agreeing not to sue to block regulators from giving Nextel control of airwaves worth billions of dollars."
"Increase in mishaps--sometimes explosive--highlights growing danger of defects and unsafe, counterfeit batteries."
Turkey sends army planes and helicopters to help extinguish a forest fire in neighbouring Syria.
"Reuters - Google Inc. has opened an office just\down the road from rival Microsoft Corp.'s headquarters in\Seattle's suburbs as it seeks to lure local engineering talent,\the No. 1 search engine company said on Wednesday."
"NEW BRITAIN, Conn. -- The Stanley Works has agreed to buy Indianapolis-based Security Group Inc., a maker of locks and access systems."
"Reuters - Overpeer, an anti-piracy technology firm\best known for flooding Internet file-sharing networks with\bogus music and movie files, is expanding into Europe, the\company said on Wednesday."
The New York Yankees and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays were to play only one game of their scheduled doubleheader Monday. The first game was postponed because Tampa Bay was delayed leaving Florida because of Hurricane Frances.
"Sun Microsystems is scheduled to launch Solaris 10, the newest version of its Unix-based operating system, on November 15th. But the fate of a plan to release an open-source version remains unclear."
"Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station #39;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas "
"The far north Scottsdale Target store rang up better than expected sales during the three days after Thanksgiving. At Superstition Springs Center in Mesa, Bath and Body Works sold out "
The Mount St Helens volcano in the US state of Washington has erupted its largest steam and ash cloud since its resurgence in activity last month.
"The dedicated tower network to be built by Qualcomm #39;s MediaFLO USA subsidiary should give US carriers a smooth road for rolling out mobile multimedia services, though it may be some time before they embrace the idea."
"\Australia says it will not be cowed by terrorism, after a bomb at its embassy in Indonesia kills nine people."
Want to get into the market for DVD players? Intense competition and standardization mean that you might make more as a mime.
InfoWorld - Mobility will take center stage this week as San Francisco plays host to the Cellular Telecommunications  amp; Internet Association's (CTIA) Wireless I.T.  amp; Entertainment 2004 fall conference.
"ALKMAAR/AUXERRE, Dec 2 (SW) - AZ Alkmaar defeated Glasgow Rangers to advance to the third round of the UEFA Cup, while AJ Auxerre left group minnows Amica Wronki without a chance."
"Long before Hurricane Ivan began bearing down on the Gulf Coast last week, a special breed of money managers was carefully tracking its development."
"SiliconValley.com - Six months before the San Jose-Cisco Systems controversy went public, Leon Nix knew the city risked violating its own rules by favoring the networking company's products in its new City Hall. But he feared speaking out, thinking his bosses might come after him."
"Based on a CDMA EV-DO (Evolution-Data Optimized) 3G network, Verizon #39;s BroadbandAccess promisses speeds of 300-500kbps. The company announced BroadbandAccess will be available in 13 major metropolitan markets "
"AP - Two-time U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen shot a par-70 Thursday in the opening round of the Suntory Open, leaving him five strokes behind leaders Scott Laycock of Australia and Y.E. Yang of South Korea."
Hewlett-Packard has unveiled its storage grid architecture strategyan approach that company executives claim is faster and more efficient than comparable products and systems on the market today.
Singapore says it has extended a ban on all poultry and egg imports from Malaysia due to a new outbreak of bird flu there. Singapore says it is working with Malaysia to develop ways to import poultry and eggs 
"The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that President Bush #39;s recent proposal "
"Hurricane Frances could cause between \$2bn and \$10bn in insured losses in the US, experts predict as the storm pummels Florida."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - A body resembling a Japanese hostage has  been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for  identification, Japanese officials said on Saturday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Friday,  spurred by lower oil prices and Intel Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; higher  sales forecast as Wall Street waited for monthly employment  data for clues about the economy's health."
The D.C. Council continued to debate late Tuesday night over legislation that would clear the way to build a new baseball stadium for the Nationals in Southeast.
"STAFF WRITER; Staff writers Alan J. Wax and Regina Marie Glick contributed to this story. As Bank of America pushes ahead with its takeover of Fleet Bank, about 1,000 jobs were cut companywide yesterday throughout the Northeast, ..."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army is studying a possible  compromise with Halliburton Co. that might allow the company to  keep several billion dollars in disputed billings for work in  Iraq, defense officials said on Friday."
"World News: Hohhot (China), Nov 21 : A total of 55 people, including two men on the ground, were killed when a commuter plane crashed into a frozen lake in China soon after take-off in Inner Mongolia Sunday, Xinhua reports."
"THESSALONIKI, Greece - The US women #39;s soccer team only needed a tie Tuesday, and that #39;s all it got - settling for a draw against a team it had always beaten. The Americans tied Australia 1-1, ending a perfect record against the Matildas ..."
AP - Christina Kim followed a record-tying opening round with a 6-under 66 Friday to take a four-stroke lead midway through the LPGA State Farm Classic.
Giants rookie quarterback Eli Manning will take an 0-2 record as a pro starter into Sunday's game against the Redskins at FedEx Field.
"Bottom Line: New story, new characters, and a new city:  quot;Grand Theft Auto quot; is back. The long-awaited sequel in this controversial series expands upon the adult-theme material that has made it famous."
"Interest rates are trimmed to 7.5 by the South African central bank,  but the lack of warning hits the rand and surprises markets."
"Back here in Kurt Warner #39;s adopted home town, the varying opinions on the cause and effects of the meteoric rise and fall of his storybook football life always will be blurred under so many dreamy - and divergent - emotional clouds."
"AFP - Fifty days out from the US presidential election, the rhetoric is becoming nastier between George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry, as the US president's lead appears to be solidifying."
"It's no secret what the 15 householders in Mink, La., want for Christmas: the same thing they have always wanted year round - telephones."
" NASHVILLE, Tenn., (Sports Network) - The Tennessee Titans,  who lost kicker Joe Nedney for the season due to a hamstring  injury, have announced that they will bring Gary Anderson out  of retirement for the second time."
"Tom Lehman, who was last night appointed captain of the 2006 US Ryder Cup team, admitted:  quot;For the first time ever we will be the underdogs."
"Bombardier Inc., the world #39;s third- biggest maker of commercial airplanes, said it will reduce production of its regional jets because of weak demand and cut about 2,000 jobs."
Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) said Wednesday it will defend itself against the latest allegations of patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation 
Russian President Vladimir Putin said here on Friday that his country supported India #39;s bid for a permanent UN Security Council seat but stopped short of favoring India #39;s veto power in the world body.
"Jermaine Dye began the fireworks in the sixth with a two-run home run and Tim Hudson baffled the Orioles as Oakland rolled, 11-0, Tuesday."
"Brazil has launched its first rocket into space, a feat that comes just 14 months after its space program was devastated by a deadly launch pad accident."
Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.'s  days as a\hot-shot dot-com may be behind it as the Internet retailer's\slowing growth makes its business suspiciously similar to that\of its brick-and-mortar peers.
"Manufacturing activity rose in September for the 16th consecutive month, but at a more gradual pace than in August, an industry research group reported Friday."
"A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that the most violent part of the process in forming an Earth-sized planet - the collisions between colossal chunks of rock - may last hundreds of millions of years instead of 10 million years, scientists said "
"In a judicial blow to the entertainment industry, a federal appeals court ruled that makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies "
Chicago Tribune - The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee proposed sweeping changes Sunday that would dismantle the CIA and remove several of the United States' largest intelligence agencies from the control of the Pentagon.
"An ailing Yasser Arafat -oo weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  -eed to leave his battered West Bank compound for "
"Britain #39;s WPP Group PLC and private-equity firm Hellman  amp; Friedman have submitted offers in the auction for advertising firm Grey Global Group, according to people familiar with the matter."
Microsoft Corp. is developing a new front-end application for its upcoming Live Communications Server (LCS) 2005 instant messaging server that links LCS 2005 with end-users' telephones.
"AFP - German police said they had exposed the names of thousands of users of illegal Internet piracy sites as part of a crackdown on swapping bootleg copies of movies, computer games, software and music."
"MADISON, Wis. -  #39;Tis the season to buy real trees to decorate the home and Wisconsin Christmas tree farmers hope they can repeat last year #39;s success."
"Nearly two years after filing for bankruptcy protection, the Linux vendor is making a profit."
"Openly defying the United Nations nuclear watchdog, Iran announced yesterday that it has begun converting large quantities of raw uranium "
"International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Jacques Rogge announced December 7, 2004 he had set up a disciplinary commission to investigate allegations made against US sprinter Marion Jones by BALCO chief Victor Conte."
"We consume more every year, and the building industry is no exception. But more complex buildings are creating bigger problems when it comes to dealing with waste."
Tony Blair will address his party - and Britain - this week against a backdrop of war and barbarity. But his hopes for Labour #39;s re-election rely on what his government has achieved on the home front.
Legg Mason's Mary Chris Gay knows when to pay for growth and when to sell a stock.
"Experts have identified an array of problems at the Salem nuclear power station, one of the country's largest."
"AP - Former Rep. Frank Ballance pleaded guilty Tuesday to a charge that he used a charitable foundation to bilk the government and funnel money to his law firm, church and family."
"By MICHAEL GORMLEY    ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired..."
"The threat of violence in petroleum-rich Nigeria this week, followed by a spike in oil prices, underscored yet again that country #39;s importance and danger to companies that work there."
"E-mail security company FrontBridge Technologies Inc. has bought MessageRite Inc. of Irvine, California, a maker of technology for archiving e-mail and instant messages, FrontBridge said Monday."
"He is gone, and that is unfortunate, but it is not tragic or disastrous or catastrophic. Pedro Martinez stats, news was worth every cent the Red Sox stats, schedule "
Starbucks will begin rolling out next week the in-store CD burning service it announced in conjunction with Hewlett-Packard back in March.
"NASCAR returned to its roots Wednesday by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits."
"Bode Miller of the United States blasts down the course on his way to winning the men #39;s World Cup downhill ski race in Lake Louise, Alberta, Canada, on Saturday Nov. 27, 2004."
Boeing (NYSE: BA) needs to watch its back because Airbus is determined to keep its lead in commercial aircraft. The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that Airbus is getting 
Hamish Carter of New Zealand clinched the gold medal for men #39;s triathlon at the 2004 Athens Olympic Games here Thursday. Carter won the three-discipline event at 1 hour 51 minutes and 7.73 seconds.
Reuters - DaimlerChrysler AG  (DCXGn.DE)\has been hit with a multimillion-dollar lawsuit filed by a\paraplegic who says the automaker's heated car seats caused him\a severe burn injury.
"BEIJING The Chinese government said on Monday that it seized two million fake compact discs in the first half of 2004, acting on US pressure to end counterfeiting of software and movies."
"After a Washington touchdown was wiped out by a penalty, Ola Kimrin hit a 24-yard field goal to give the Redskins a 3-0 lead over the Lions in the second quarter."
Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Monday he still considers Iraq #39;s southern city of Samawah as a  quot;noncombat quot; region despite the Iraqi government had announced a state 
"Norodom Sihamoni was crowned yesterday as Cambodia #39;s first new king in 50 years, in ornate ceremonies that formally ended the reign of one of Asia #39;s longest-serving and best-known rulers."
"TWO US convoys came under attack today in and near Baghdad, leaving one US soldier dead and another injured, the US military said."
"England's secondary schools should drop GCSEs and A-levels for a diploma, a report says, but reaction is mixed."
India's main opposition party takes action against senior party member Uma Bharti after a public row.
"Corporate customers are still tight-fisted with their budgets as they put off needed upgrades, analysts say."
The European Union ended 12 years of sanctions against Libya on Monday and eased an arms embargo to reward the country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
"The Genesis space capsule carrying solar wind particles will be plucked from nearly a mile above the Utah desert by stunt helicopter pilots whove replicated the retrieval, without fumbles, in nearly a dozen practice runs."
"Police said they arrested the chief executive of Beijing-backed China Aviation Oil #39;s subsidiary in Singapore on Wednesday, following the company #39;s announcement last week of massive trading losses."
"ATLANTA - It could be the supreme irony: Delta Air Lines, which incited controversy for creating bankruptcy-proof pensions for top executives in 2002, now says it may soon file for Chapter 11 protection because too many pilots are bailing out to save "
"(IsraelNN.com) The Likud loyalist faction, which numbered close to twenty at its prime, has diminished to a mere nine Likud faction members voting against giving Prime Minister Ariel Sharon a mandate to bring the Labor Party into the government."
"As the Mets continued waiting for a counterproposal from the three-time Cy Young award winner Pedro Martnez yesterday, it became obvious that they may need more than money to lure him."
"AP - While his Brazilian buddy got to climb the fence after finally winning another race, Tony Kanaan completed a more impressive feat in his IndyCar Series championship season. Kanaan finished all 3,305 laps, the last 200 Sunday in the season-ending Chevy 500 at Texas Motor Speedway where he was second behind Helio Castroneves."
Kashmir will be the focus of the first talks between India's Manmohan Singh and Pakistan's Pervez Musharraf.
"Washington - The Internet browser wars, dormant for several years, shows signs of heating up again as a result of gains from a new program called Firefox, a research report showed on Monday."
Freshman Jeremy Ito kicked four field goals and Ryan Neill scored on a 31-yard interception return to lead improving Rutgers to a 19-14 victory yesterday over visiting Michigan State.
"AFP - US Senator John McCain called for greater UN cooperation with a congressional probe of the Iraqi oil-for-food program, which he said ""stinks to high heaven."""
"Try telling Arsenal the Premiership is a marathon not a sprint. The champions have come out of the blocks at an extraordinary pace, racking up nine goals in two games and "
"You know that winter has descended upon you when the days become long and you can feel the cold in your bones. It is also then that descending upon the west coast of North America, from San Francisco bay up to Alaska, is the Dungeness crab."
"Reuters - Indian soldiers killed two militants after a fierce gunbattle in Srinagar on Wednesday, as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived in the city to promote peace in the disputed region."
"AP - Oklahoma's Dusty Dvoracek had been granted a medical hardship waiver by the NCAA, which will allow the defensive tackle who was kicked off the team in September to play a fifth season with the Sooners."
"AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair, skirting a direct apology, acknowledged to his Labour Party Tuesday that intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq was wrong, but insisted the world was safer with Saddam Hussein in prison."
"Yesterday, Mozilla launched version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X in the hopes of winning over converts much like its browser cousin Firefox is doing in the browser space."
"CHENNAI: None had really thought that the elusive Kuse Muniswamy Veerappan would ever be caught. But after five decades of this menace in the jungles bordering Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala and 120 killings "
"KINSTON, N.C. (AP) -- Deep in the Atlantic Ocean, undersea explorers are living a safer life thanks to germ-fighting clothing made in Kinston..."
EDINBURGH : Hearts have appointed John Robertson as their new manager to succeed Craig Levein at the Scottish Premiership club where he became a goalscoring legend during his playing career.
"AP - As a kid alone on the Houston playgrounds, Clyde Drexler would imagine he was Dr. J with a championship on the line. But Drexler never dreamed he would be inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame. Or that the Hall of Famer who would present him at the ceremonies Friday would be good friend Julius Erving."
"NEW YORK - Internet marketer DoubleClick Inc., which is suffering from pricing pressures from online advertisers, said it had hired Lazard Freres  amp; Co."
"Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) avoided a revolt at its annual meeting on Wednesday, when shareholders voted down a proposal requesting that the company's board adopt a policy of revoking executive bonuses paid based on financial results that are later revised."
"TiVo said on Monday that its quarterly loss widened, citing increased marketing costs, but the maker of digital video-recording technology said it expects to have 3 million subscriptions by the end of the year."
"AP - India's Jyoti Randhawa won his first title of the year, capturing the Volvo Masters of Asia on Sunday by beating Australia's Terry Pilkadaris on the second playoff hole."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kraft Foods Inc. said on Thursday it  has agreed to sell its UK desserts unit to Premier Foods Plc  for \$135 million in a bid to focus on larger-scale businesses.
"As millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability."
"Ramirez hit two two-run homers and right-hander Carlos Zambrano allowed four hits in eight innings Monday, leading the Chicago Cubs to a 9-1 victory over the Montreal Expos."
Sprint Corp. appears to be on the verge of the boldest move of CEO Gary Forsee #39;s 18-month tenure: A \$36 billion merger with rival wireless company Nextel Communications Inc.
"Reuters - Top Japanese wireless carrier NTT DoCoMo\(9437.T) said on Thursday it would launch a 3G phone equipped\for use overseas and including a video conferencing function,\getting a leg-up on its closest rival, KDDI Corp. (9433.T)."
"AFP - The UN Security Council voted on Tuesday to hold a rare meeting in Africa next month to try to focus international attention on the Sudan, site of Africa's longest-running civil war."
"PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan drilled the Gulf Coast on Thursday with 130-mph winds that inflicted far less damage than feared everywhere except Florida's Panhandle, where residents were left with surge-ravaged beachfronts, flooded streets and homes ripped apart by deadly tornadoes..."
A Singapore Airlines flight which wasdiverted Monday to Britain #39;s Manchester Airport following a bomb scare resumed its journey to New York three hours later after being given the all clear.
"AFP - A Hong Kong rights group has boycotted a meeting with a visiting British official, accusing London of failing to speak up in support of pro-democracy politicians in the territory."
"AFP - The Berlin Philharmonic and British conductor Simon Rattle will set off on a tour of Japan this weekend, the orchestra said."
"Israelis were up at dawn Friday, just to see live television coverage of Yasser Arafat leaving his compound in Ramallah and flying out of the Middle East."
The authorities in Nepal decide to grant paternity leave to government employees.
Miami - Shaquille O #39;Neal looked up from his chair and locked eyes with Dwyane Wade as Wade interrupted O #39;Neal #39;s audience with the assembled news media.
"Greek athlete Fani Halkia finished in 52.82 to win the gold medal in the women #39;s 400m hurdles final on Wednesday. She is the third Greek athlete to win Olympic gold in an athletics event, after Voula Patoulidou and Costas Kenteris."
"TOKYO - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Thursday that North Korea is unlikely to test-fire another ballistic missile.  quot;I think the possibility of launching one is low, quot; Koizumi told reporters."
"Yahoo's New Front Page and Shortcuts\\I know this kinda stuff has to happen, but it makes me very sad. Yahoo has a new front page. Go look at it. It's at http://www.yahoo.com. See anything odd about the page? The odd thing I see is that the pointer to the directory ..."
"Reuters - Glaciers once held up by a floating\ice shelf off Antarctica are now sliding off into the sea --\and they are going fast, scientists said on Tuesday."
"MOSCOW -- Gunmen attacked a police station and polling sites in the Chechen capital Saturday night, killing several people eight days before a special election to replace the region #39;s assassinated president, according to Russian news agencies."
The remains are being unearthed as part of an investigation looking for evidence to use against Saddam Hussein in his future trial.
"ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- The French Olympic team is to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport to try to win back its three-day event Olympic gold medal in Athens. "
"Colin Montgomerie believes Europe #39;s team spirit can defeat USA - and their partisan fans - when the Ryder Cup starts this week in Oakland Hills, Michigan."
"AP - Jim Edmonds blasted a two-run homer in the 12th inning and the rejuvenated St. Louis Cardinals forced the NL championship series to Game 7, beating the Houston Astros 6-4 Wednesday to even it at 3-all."
Eric Shelton ran for three touchdowns and No. 24 Louisville earned its second shutout of the season with a 34-0 victory over North Carolina on Saturday.
"Stock markets rose across Europe and Asia, oil prices edged up and the US dollar was modestly higher Wednesday as US President Bush crept closer to re-election in a tight race for the White House."
"Indianapolis 45, Green Bay 31: The class of NFL quarterbacking squared off in this one. The class of NFL pass defense did not. The predictable result was a highly entertaining shootout that saw Peyton Manning "
"AP - President Bush will ask Congress for  #36;2 billion to help victims of Hurricane Charley, the White House said Friday."
"Reuters - With the U.S. presidential race taking a\decidedly bitter turn over John Kerry's Vietnam war record,\U.S. veterans in Hanoi are selling T-shirts supporting his run\for the White House."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell against the yen on  Friday in its steepest one-day drop in over a year, pushed down  by unexpectedly weak jobs data and speculation that China may  soon allow the yuan to appreciate against the dollar."
"Software maker Commerce One Inc., seen as a poster child for the dot-com bust, is down to its last \$300,000 in operating cash, has laid off most of its staff and expects to file for bankruptcy."
Sergio Garcia had to undergo an extensive investigation following a lost-ball incident at Valderrama on Friday before being cleared to keep his one-stroke lead in the Volvo Masters second round.
"In blasting new overtime rules that take effect Monday, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards says he can #39;t understand why the Bush administration wants to undermine a system that rewards workers who toil long hours."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - It is a series that fills Boston Red  Sox fans with dread, New York Yankee supporters with giddy  confidence and has left Major League Baseball and television  executives smiling from ear-to-ear."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  eased last week for the second week in a row even though  30-year mortgage interest rates decreased slightly, an industry  group said on Wednesday."
"AP - Google Inc. dramatically lowered expectations for the Internet search giant's value Wednesday ahead of its much ballyhooed coming out party in the public markets. The offering is still one of the biggest and highly anticipated for an Internet company, surpassing the hot issues of the dot-com boom."
"Stock market investors celebrated another drop in oil prices on Thursday, driving the broad Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500-stock index to its highest point since the Sept."
"At almost noon yesterday, the Bellevue High School linebacker was just waking up from a deep slumber, the kind a body dives into after extreme physical exertion."
WASHINGTON -- The corporate oversight board created amid the accounting scandals is encouraging people to come forward with information by making it easier for company employees and others to report tips and complaints.
"IF you were planning to save on postage this year by sending electronic greeting cards, think again. And be careful when opening any you get."
Shane Warne expressed concern yesterday that the new proposal on cricket #39;s  quot;chucking quot; controversy might create more confusion.
AP - The Supreme Court on Monday overturned the death sentence of a convicted Texas killer because jurors in his trial did not consider his learning disability and other evidence.
"GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas (Ticker) - Richard Mandella is confident that Pleasantly Perfect again will be cashing in on horse racing #39;s richest day."
"Law enforcement has sought to identify some users of the Nmap freeware port scanner, the author says."
"Crude prices drop further on anticipation that supplies will continue to build as winter approaches. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices slumped again Monday, falling below \$46 a barrel, on anticipation that "
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Wednesday,  recovering some of the losses it made after the Fed raised U.S.  interest rates as expected but did little to change the  market's view that monetary tightening would continue at a  moderate pace."
"Search Engine Inclusion Techniques on Google   \\Over the years of its existence Google gained a well-deserved reputation as the top choice for internet users. Providing a comprehensive coverage of the web and returning searched queries with great relevancy in less than a second, Google certainly is the internet rsquo;s ..."
"LONDON: Flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson, who kicked the winning drop goal in last November #39;s World Cup final against Australia, was named yesterday as England captain."
AP - Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday as investors bought blue chips and issues of consumer electronics makers following Wall Street's overnight rally. The U.S. dollar inched down against the Japanese yen.
"Macromedia Monday shipped Flex Builder, an integrated development environment (IDE) for Web applications built on the company #39;s XML-based Flex application platform."
"Many of you can't be trusted with your own computers. Stupidity isn't the problem. It's laziness, mostly, combined with a penny-wise stinginess that resents the \$40 price of a good antivirus program."
"A British lawyer opens a law firm in North Korea, hoping to cash in on the foreigners doing business there."
"Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has said the Government will ban Jemaah Islamiah (JI), which is believed to have links with international terrorist network Al Qaeda, if it is proven to exist."
Jerome Bettis ran for 129 yards and the Pittsburgh Steelers used a stifling defense to edge the Cincinnati Bengals 19-14 for their eighth straight win in National Football League play Sunday in Cincinnati.
AP - The NFL will not fine Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor after looking into allegations that a Cincinnati player was spit on during Sunday's game.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Growth Properties Inc. on  Friday said it would buy Rouse Co. for \$7.2 billion, adding  such swank shopping centers as Chicago's Water Tower Place and  Boston's Fanueil Hall to what is already the nation's second  largest mall portfolio."
"Accused embezzler Bradford C. Bleidt checked himself into the psychiatric unit at Massachusetts General Hospital this week, said investigators involved in the case, and they expect him to come forward in the next several days to face the civil charges against him."
"com. One day after signing a right-handed hitter with two 45-home run seasons on his resume, the Mariners are on the verge of signing the current Major League home run champion."
"Qualcomm announced it will demonstrate a host of innovative 3G CDMA wireless products and solutions for consumers and the enterprise at CTIA Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment 2004, Oct. 25-27 in booth 638 at the Moscone Center in San Francisco."
Fabio Capello finished on top as his Juventus defeated former club AS Roma 2-0 last night in a scrappy game. Alessandro Del Piero scored his third goal in his last two matches and Uruguayan Marcelo Zalayeta added an insurance goal.
"Halliburton Co. said it may sell its KBR unit, which is being investigated for possible overcharges on a US Army contract in Iraq and alleged bribery at a Nigerian venture, to boost its share price."
"AP - Video game companies always release their marquee titles just as the holiday shopping frenzy starts humming. It's nothing personal, just business: analysts say December alone accounts for more than 50 percent of the industry's annual revenue."
"MADRID -- Explosions rattled seven Spanish cities yesterday following telephone warnings from the armed Basque separatist group ETA, in a resurgence of violence after months of keeping a low profile since the deadly Madrid train bombings by Muslim militants."
It had been thought the clubs assistant manager had handed in his resignation earlier today when boss Harry Redknapp announced he was quitting the south coast club.
"OCTOBER 05, 2004 -- Ten leading San Francisco hotels this week locked out employees in sympathy with the four hotels impacted by last week #39;s strike by the local Unite Here branch of the AFL-CIO."
"It is reported that another  quot;Champion Supermarket quot; of French retailer Carrefour will open soon in Guangming Village, Haidian District in Beijing."
Anaheim gained ground in the American League West and the wild card race with a 5-2 win over Seattle Monday. The Angels are now 2 1/2 games behind first-place Oakland and 4 1/2 behind wild card leader Boston.
"NEW YORK Justine Henin-Hardenne (EH #39;-nen ahr-DEN #39;) has failed to successfully defend her US Open title, and she #39;s losing her number-one ranking to boot."
"Suspicion of performance-enhancing drug use circles the sport now, but the evidence of past doping remains in black and white."
"DSL, cable providers offer new discounts--with a catch."
"Cargill Inc. in Minnetonka has sold eight of its steel-making facilities, including operations in St. Paul and Duluth, to Gerdau Ameristeel in Toronto for a total of \$266 million."
"Rosa Parks, who helped set off the American civil rights movement, is at the center of a legal controversy that her relatives say could forever taint her legacy."
"Sep 10, 2004 (financialwire.net via COMTEX) -- (FinancialWire) Remember those  quot;End of the World quot; signs? Well, Intel Corp."
" DALLAS (Reuters) - American Airlines' parent AMR Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted a third-quarter loss as record-high  oil prices battered the bottom line of the world's largest  airline."
A tremor at Mount St Helens volcano in the US state of Washington prompts fresh warnings of an eruption.
"SAN FRANCISCO - Intel is planning for a happy holiday season this month, as it expects to exceed its previous revenue guidance and has made progress in reducing its inventory, the company said Thursday."
news analysis Google #39;s decision to cut back its public offering by as much as 30 percent represents a stinging rebuke for a deal once heralded as a surefire windfall not only for the company but the technology industry at large. 
Symbol Technologies Inc. shares fell more than 5 percent Monday morning after the company said it may restate its 2004 financial reports because of errors.
New York state officials say they expect two insurance company executives to plead guilty in a corruption probe into bid-rigging in the insurance brokerage industry.
"By Charlie Riedel, AP. : Kansas City #39;s 0-2 start includes an offseason strategy that is backfiring. The Chiefs defense was a huge problem last year - so much so that NFL Commissioner "
"USATODAY.com - Beginning in March, a static pop-up ad, or ""billboard,"" will spring up as TiVo users skip through an ad - perhaps a logo for an advertiser, plus a message encouraging viewers to check out a new car or enter a contest."
US House members accused IBM Corp. and other IT vendors Wednesday of breaking the rules in a much-criticized program designed to help schools and libraries purchase Internet equipment.
Toshiba today paved the way for 80GB iPods when it said it will ship an 80GB 1.8in hard drive in Q3 2005 - a year after it introduced the 60GB version that can currently to be found inside the iPod Photo.
The US is calling on Nato to take overall responsibility for peacekeeping and reconstruction in Afghanistan. US officials are proposing the separate US and Nato missions there should merge under Nato command 
"It is suspected that they were freed in exchange for a \$1 million ransom, a belief that has cast a cloud over national celebrations of the release."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators may file  suit against Morningstar Inc., a provider of mutual fund and  stock research, over incorrect data it published about a mutual  fund, the company said on Friday."
 MILAN (Reuters) - The heads of Fiat SpA and General Motors  Corp. will meet face to face in a last-ditch attempt to avoid  litigation over whether the Italian group still has the right  to sell its loss-mired carmaking arm to GM.
"Lastminute.com Plc, the UK #39;s largest Internet travel company, said its fourth-quarter loss more than doubled as costs for closing offices and cutting jobs exceeded forecasts."
"AP - Magic forward Pat Garrity was placed on the injured list with a sprained left foot. Stacy Augmon was activated to fill the roster spot, making him available to play against Toronto on Wednesday night."
"An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a house in Gaza #39;s Jabalya refugee camp on Sunday, killing a Palestinian man and wounding three women, witnesses said."
"_ Dante Hall, Kansas City #39;s All-Pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on Thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip."
This is the time of the year when Americans nationwide are gobbling up gobblers at grocery stores for holiday dinners. But out on Darrell French #39;s 
"Reuters - U.S. oil prices slid below  #36;46 on\Tuesday, marking the third successive session of falls as Iraqi\exports returned to near normal, although supply uncertainties\kept the market close to historic levels."
NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that President Bush's invasion of Iraq has created a crisis that could lead to unending war and raises questions about whether Bush's judgment is up to presidential standards...
"Staff at three VW factories start a series of warning strikes, as the carmaker continues talks over cost-cutting plans."
Ukraine appears to be headed toward holding a new election under a deal to adopt a reorganization of political power.
BAGHDAD (Aljazeera) -- Iraqi security forces stormed into Aljazeera #39;s Baghdad office on Saturday and sealed it with red wax. Iraqi officials said the channel had not respected the closure order nor answered 
" quot;Someday, for all countries that are entering the World Trade Organization, somebody will come and look for money owing to the rights for that intellectual property, quot; Steve Ballmer said."
An estimated 2.5 million Floridians may save an average of \$300 annually by deducting the sales taxes they pay from their federal income tax returns.
John Terry's brace helps Chelsea move five points clear at the top of the table.
"PARIS Sept. 28, 2004 - Extremists will have the upper hand in Iraqi elections if voting is held amid the current violence, Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II said in an interview published Tuesday, voicing profound "
"With the offense rumbling and Jon Lieber in command, the Yankees walloped Boston at misty, wind-whipped Yankee Stadium."
"Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc., the No. 3 U.S.\carrier which has been restructuring in efforts to avoid a\bankruptcy filing, is expected to slash fares and remove\restrictive rules such as Saturday-night stays, Time magazine\reported in its online edition on Sunday."
AP - The military is ordering more lightweight armor developed in Ohio that protects troops in Humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing the vehicles.
"   Chief executives in the Washington-Baltimore region are more optimistic in their hiring plans for the year ahead than are their colleagues across the nation, according to a survey released last week."
"Research In Motion couldn #39;t be bothered to ever get around to doing this themselves, but Information Appliance Associates has just come out with some software which should finally let Mac users satisfy their CrackBerry addictions. There #39;s no support ..."
"Detroit, MI -- Mike Maroth tossed 6 2/3 innings of shutout ball, leading the Detroit Tigers to a 3-1 victory over the Cleveland Indians in the opener of a three-game series at Comerica Park."
"Beijing, Dec 6 : China #39;s IT industry is expected to see a sales revenue of 322.3 billion US dollars in 2004, up 42.3 per cent year-on-year, becoming the country #39;s leading driver for economic growth, a report said today."
"Reuters - Connecticut has issued 35 subpoenas in\recent days to insurance companies and brokers doing business\in the state, Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said on\Thursday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices built on early  gains on Wednesday after an auction of five-year debt drew  surprisingly strong demand from indirect bidders, which include  foreign central banks."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 1.66 percent by  midday on Monday, extending losses into a third day as growing  fears about the impact of surging oil prices on the global  economy hit exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp."
"World News: The Hague, Nov 8 : Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says a visit to the Netherlands brought him luck. It was on his return from a visit to this country in 1991 that he was called upon to "
"Running back Marty Johnson said he #39;s still getting adjusted to running in the spread offense, saying after his Utah Utes #39; 49-35 victory over Air Force on Saturday that instead of just bulling "
Jarno Trulli benefited from changeable weather conditions to take pole position for today #39;s Belgian Grand Prix after an inspired tyre choice gave him the edge.
"Somewhere in the recesses of first-year coach Lovie Smith #39;s wish list for his Chicago Bears (3-5), he had Sunday #39;s 28-21 win over the New York Giants in mind."
Militants attack a stadium in Srinagar hours before the Indian prime minister is due to address a rally.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks moving on Thursday: EXXON MOBIL  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;, ROYAL DUTCH PETROLEUM CO. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RD.N&lt;/A&gt;:"
"Media group Hollinger International says senior executives, including former chief Conrad Black, took \$400m of its money."
"PARIS - Pierre Salinger, a journalist and former press secretary to President John F. Kennedy, was also a prominent backer of the theory that the 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 was caused by a Navy missile..."
The Federal Trade Commission has taken the first step to crack down on the wave of spyware that is being installed on user #39;s machines without their knowledge.
"One day after they signed third baseman Troy Glaus to a \$45 million four- year deal, they handed former Giants pitcher Russ Ortiz, who spent the last two years in Atlanta, a four-year, \$33 million contract."
At least 30 people were killed and 120 wounded when car bombs exploded at resorts packed with Israeli holidaymakers on the Red Sea coast of Egypt #39;s Sinai desert in attacks claimed by a group saying it belongs to Al-Qaeda.
"MIAMI - The University of Miami sustained several injuries on offense during Saturday #39;s 16-10 loss to Virginia Tech. Injuries knocked out tight end Kevin Everett and fullback Talib Humphrey, both starters, as well as backup running back Tyrone Moss."
"Reuters - Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.\(8316.T) laid out a  #36;29 billion bid for UFJ Holdings (8307.T)\on Tuesday, challenging a rival offer by Mitsubishi Tokyo\Financial Group (8306.T) to form the world's biggest bank."
"OTTAWAThe NHL turned up the heat in its ongoing stalemate with its players #39; association counterparts here yesterday. And as the two parties - two solitudes, actually -xited the latest round of inertia "
The Philadelphia Eagles ensured that their National Football League (NFL) losing streak was contained to a single game and inflicted the worst home loss ever suffered by a Dallas Cowboys team in the process.
"DECEMBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Microsoft Corp. will offer custom support options on a flat-fee basis to users of Windows NT 4.0 Server and Exchange Server 5.5 when the standard support phases for those products end."
"Dell has announced a dense blade server designed for enterprises with space-tight, hard-to-cool data centres. The PowerEdge 1855 can pack as many as 10 blade servers in a 7U-sized "
"FT.com - Starmap, an international alliance of second-tier European mobile operators, including Wind of Italy and MMO of the UK, is looking to expand its membership into the US and Asia as it seeks to rival the global footprint of leading operators such as Vodafone."
"PARIS/MOSCOW, December 8 (RIA Novosti #39;s sports analyst Mikhail Smirnov) - Footballers of the Moscow Central Army Sports Club (CSKA) had their last and best game of the season in Paris, confidently outplaying local PSG (Paris Saint-Germain)."
"New methane readings from a space probe raise the possibility that microbial life could exist on Mars. Some scientists, though, remain skeptical."
LONDON (CBS.MW) -- UK food supplier Big Food Group (UK:BFP) posted a 3.3 percent drop in same-store sales for the 13 weeks ending Oct. 1.  quot;Trading has remained tough in the food sector in recent months for 
"NewsFactor - Much has been said about the impact Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) acquisition of PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) is likely to have on the enterprise software market. The U.S. Justice Department thought it would have an adverse effect, creating a de facto monopoly. A federal judge thought otherwise, though, as did the European Commission."
 FALLUJA (Reuters) - A battle erupted near a mosque in  northwest Falluja on Friday just hours after U.S. Marines said  insurgents were now trapped in the south of the city.
AP - Californians will soon see advertisements urging them to help give Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and other foreign-born citizens the chance to run for president.
New York - Paul Hamm says Thursday #39;s decision from sports #39; highest court confirms what he #39;s always felt in his heart. That he was champion in the men #39;s all around that night at the Athens Games and Olympic gold medalist.
"US producer prices shot up 1.7 percent last month, the biggest gain in nearly 15 years and well above expectations, as energy costs skyrocketed and food prices surged, a government report showed on Tuesday."
"Have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? Have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? Or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone? A trio of entrepreneurs believe they have a solution."
"The Red Sox will either complete an amazing comeback as the first team to rebound from a 3-0 deficit in postseason history, or the Yankees will stop them."
Motorola Inc. #39;s shares bounced back Monday after falling sharply at the end of last week amid conflicting views on how the telecommunications equipment supplier would fare if Sprint Corp.
"The Dutch rider, who was injured in a crash in the women #39;s road race on Saturday and was unable to defend her Olympic title from Sydney, climbed triumphantly to the top of the podium on Wednesday. "
It seems like a cool idea -unglasses with a built-in digital music player and speakers. No headphone cables to untangle as with most portable players.
"Moises Alou went 3 for 5 with two RBIs and two doubles for Chicago, which has won five of six. Every starter for the Cubs had at least one hit."
US stock-index futures rose before an Institute for Supply Management report that may show growth in the services industry accelerated last month.
In his 24 seasons studying college quarterbacks - including a pair as a secondary coach at Ohio State -arry Coker has developed a relatively simple outlook on The Scrambler.
"WASHINGTON - New federal overtime rules are in effect today, stripping overtime rights from some workers and granting them to others."
"Tyco International Inc. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday raised its dividend for the first time in five years, the latest indication of change at the once scandal-tarnished diversified manufacturer."
"Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia has made a 3-D move against counterfeit batteries. In order for customers to be able to more easily identify original Nokia batteries from non-original batteries, Nokia has "
which allows schools and libraries to purchase telecommunications and Internet access at discounted rates -- are causing officials to take another look.
"The government has fired 19 civil servants and disciplined more than 200 in an unprecedented crackdown on viewing Internet porn at work, officials say."
Napster will be launching its own downloaded music chart on Virgin Radio at 7pm on August 29th. The chart will be compiled from the top 20 most popular tracks bought each week from Napster UK service. The chart will also include tracks that have been ...
"AP - South Korea must not conduct any more nuclear experiments without notifying the United Nations, because any secret nuclear activity, however small, is a matter of ""serious concern,"" the U.N. nuclear chief said Sunday."
Newcastle midfielder Nicky Butt is ineligible for his club #39;s next three UEFA Cup matches because of a red card picked up in the 2-0 win over Israeli side Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin earlier this month.
" quot;With him disappears the man of courage and conviction who, for 40 years, has incarnated the Palestinians #39; combat for recognition of their national rights."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boston Red Sox can make baseball  history on Wednesday by becoming the first team to overturn a  three-game deficit in a best-of-seven series.
"As interest rates continue to climb, an increasing number of enterprise IT customers are shifting away from leasing to purchasing equipment such as laptops and PCs."
"Think fast -- Mario #39;s plummeting to Earth, and there #39;s nothing for the poor little guy to hang onto. So you take your stylus and draw him a trampoline."
"French doctors are expected to issue a preliminary report on the medical condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat by midweek, according to Palestinian officials, who "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wells Fargo   Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WFC.N&lt;/A&gt; and U.S.  Bancorp &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=USB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;USB.N&lt;/A&gt;, two of the largest U.S. banks, on Tuesday both  said third-quarter profit rose 12 percent, helped by growth in  consumer lending."
"JERUSALEM, Aug 24 (AFP) - An Israeli cabinet minister hailed the French government #39;s stance on anti-Semitism Tuesday as Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom headed to Paris for talks on a growing spate of attacks on Europe #39;s largest Jewish community."
"A rectangular box, embedded in a preview version of MSN Messenger 7.0, is a search field. Users will be able to launch Internet searches from that field, automatically opening a Web browser to display results on an Internet search site."
"The Auburn Hills-based Chrysler Group made a profit of \$269 million in the third quarter, even though worldwide sales and revenues declined, contributing to a \$1."
"The bodies of 80 victims killed in the Beslan school hostage-taking, including 48 children, remain unidentified at morgues in North Ossetia and Rostov-on-Don, the southern regional "
"European Tour Members Peter OMalley, Peter Senior and Peter Lonard remain in contention to tale the Cadbury Schweppes Australian PGA Championship as they trail fellow Australian James Nitties going into the final round at the Hyatt Collum on the "
"A Delaware court has told the two sides in the trial over Oracle Corp. #39;s bid to overturn PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s antitakeover measure that they must return for more testimony next month, delaying a crucial ruling in the Redwood City giant #39;s plan to take over "
"Robert Reich, former secretary of labor in the Clinton administration, is the author of  quot;Reason: Why Liberals Will Win the Battle for America."
 NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The fragmented  software  business is growing up.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of CoTherix Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CTRX.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CTRX.O&lt;/A&gt; rose  2.7 percent  before the bell on Tuesday after Piper Jaffray  initiated coverage of the biopharmaceutical company with an  ""outperform"" rating and a \$10 price target."
Aboriginal sports star Michael Long highlights discrimination and poverty during talks with Australia's PM John Howard.
Canterbury over Kent -- You can't pick against a school that taught JFK how to play flag football.
Superintendent cites parental pressure to compete with Fairfax in proposed 17 percent budget increase.
"Bee Capitol Bureau. TOKYO - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who made millions during the 1990s with wacky Japanese television commercials for noodles and energy drinks, declared here Wednesday "
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The euro bore the brunt of a  broad-based dollar rally on Monday, the first trading session  of 2005, shedding nearly 1 percent on technical factors and the  adjustment of positions in thin trade."
"What are Blogs, and Why Your Business Should Use One\\A few weeks ago I was involved in a very strange conversation with some pretty bright people. One publishes a widely circulated industry magazine, another was an industry consultant, and the last was the CEO of a major corporation in the ..."
"Seismologists have detected deep, non-volcanic tremors lasting up to 20 minutes along the San Andreas Fault in central California. The discovery suggests earthquakes may have deeper origins than previously thought."
"Crude oil futures fell for a third day as Iraq, the sixth-largest supplier to the US, increased shipments to tankers for the first time in two weeks."
Three new stocks scheduled to begin trading this week - including Google Inc. #39;s highly anticipated initial public offering - slashed their expected price ranges Wednesday morning as the IPO market readies for a one-month break from trading debuts after ...
"Canadian Press - LA ROCHE-SUR-YON, France (AP) - A 16-year-old girl was kidnapped, raped and then murdered by jilted boyfriend 27 years her senior whom he originally met after accidentally sending a text message to his cellphone, a public prosecutor said Sunday."
Ichiro Suzuki is so fast you might wonder why he doesn #39;t bunt more often. Only a handful of his 250-plus hits have been bunts and manager Bob Melvin explained that opposing 
Images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable PCs.
"SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- When NATO forces first came to Bosnia nearly a decade ago, they lived in heavily guarded compounds, patrolled the streets in tanks, and often wore full body armor."
"WASHINGTON, Nov 19 (AFP) - The United States on Friday pronounced itself unimpressed by this week #39;s mass release of nearly 4,000 prisoners from jails in military-run Myanmar and demanded immediate freedom for all political detainees, including opposition "
United Airlines will cut its US flight capacity 14 after the busy holiday season and add international flights to focus on more profitable routes.
"HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Nokia Corp. (NOK), the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, expects to launch more than 10 handset models operating on code division multiple access technology in 2005, a senior executive said Tuesday."
"LAS VEGAS -- Shane Mosley gave Winky Wright his big chance. After beating Mosley a second time, Wright is now ready to cash in on it."
"AFP - The head of Sudan's delegation to African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in the western province of Darfur said there was no need for the AU to send peacekeeping force to the troubled region, insisting that Khartoum could handle the security situation."
AP - Floods caused by monsoon rains forced the evacuation of thousands in eastern Malaysia on Sunday.
"The Florida Gators have charisma again and chutzpah. And presence and prestige. And eloquence and arrogance. The Gators introduced Urban Meyer as their new football coach Tuesday, and the man who is named "
"AFP - Italy is prepared to pull its troops out of Iraq if the interim government in Baghdad requests it, Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said on the Al-Jazeera television news channel."
"The coupling of Martha Stewart housewares and Kenmore #39;s appliances could make the combination of Kmart Holdings Corp (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research "
"I don #39;t know about you, but this season really doesn #39;t feel like it #39;s started yet. You just about get into the groove of a couple of matches in a row, and then some sodding international match pops up and that #39;s it - everything goes on hold for two weeks."
RELATIONS within the Australian womens eight rowing crew have hit a new low with Olympian Catriona Oliver slapping much-publicised team-mate Sally Robbins in front of onlookers at anofficial function on Wednesday night.
"SAP AG, the German business management software maker, reported a 15-percent jump in third-quarter net profit Thursday to euro291 million (US\$366 million), citing increased sales across the globe."
"A massive rise in phishing attacks this year may lead on to customised email security attacks targeted specifically at individual or small groups of companies, according to email security firm MessageLabs."
"OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, cut its oil production target and capital spending for this year, the first sign its struggles to meet a \$3."
Game publishers and hardware makers will battle for consumers' holiday dollars with a slew of high-profile releases.
AP - A former Senate Intelligence Committee chairman asserted Sunday that the general who ran the war in Afghanistan said more than a year before the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq that his resources were being shifted in preparation for taking on Saddam Hussein.
"The United States, Japan and South Korea agreed on Friday to try to arrange a fresh round of six-party talks this month on dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear "
LONDON (AFP) - The euro steadied just below the 1.30 dollar mark as the markets positioned themselves for this weekend #39;s G20 meeting of finance ministers and central bankers in Berlin.
"Stelios is tapping his feet to the rhythm of a new venture in the form of easyMusic, to be launched in time for Christmas. The easyGroup company has teamed up with London-based music service Wippit to launch "
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to panic after his side were pegged back to a 1-1 draw by Panathinaikos in the Champions League.
"Crystal Erwin scored a career-high 24 points on 9-of-9 shooting and Jacqueline Batteast had 17 points and 10 rebounds, leading seventh-ranked Notre Dame to a 72-48 victory over Washington on Saturday."
"Odyssey Healthcare Inc. (ODSY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday warned of an earnings shortfall, announced the resignation of its chief executive and said it was the subject "
"AP - Tens of thousands of poll monitors, challengers, lawyers and other activist observers are expected to clog voting precincts in battleground states Tuesday in what will probably be the most scrutinized U.S. election in at least 40 years."
"The second of two American hostages in Iraq has been beheaded by a militant outfit headed by Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, reports Arabic television channel Aljazeera quoting a statement on a Muslim extremist website."
Afghans turned out to vote in large numbers today as Hamid Karzai and his rivals disputed the integrity of the vote.
"Pharmaceutical titan Merck  amp; Co. Inc. yesterday pulled its blockbuster arthritis drug Vioxx off the market, citing safety concerns, thereby triggering a massive selloff in the company #39;s shares that wiped out nearly US\$27-billion of Merck #39;s market value."
The family of British hostage Kenneth Bigley was anxiously awaiting news of his fate tonight after the apparent deadline for his execution in Iraq passed.
This season #39;s format for the semifinals of the MLS playoffs has the higher-seeded team opening play on the road. That #39;s not a good thing for the Los Angeles Galaxy as they meet the Colorado Rapids in Game 1 of their two-leg aggregate score series.
"Seiko Epson is developing flexible display technologies that could lead to ""e-paper"" that can be rolled up and folded as a replacement for paper-based newspapers or magazines."
"SAMARRA (Iraq) - Bloodied by weeks of suicide bomb attacks and assassinations, Iraqi security forces emerged on Sunday to patrol the streets of Samarra after a morale-boosting victory in this Sunni Triangle city."
"Wall Street had a tough week as oil prices jumped 6.4 percent, to a record \$53.31 a barrel, and the Labor Department reported that 96,000 jobs were created in September, about 40,000 fewer than economists expected."
Local favourite Thomas Johansson is the last man standing between Andre Agassi and the 60th title of his career as the pair head into the final of the Stockholm Open.
"PalmSource today welcomed the third Palm Powered smartphone from GSPDA, the Xplore M28. Alpha Tech Mobile Sdn Bhd is distributing the Palm Powered Xplore M28 smartphone in Malaysia."
AP - Ivory Latta scored 17 points to lead No. 9 North Carolina to an 86-40 victory over Elon in the season opener for both teams Friday night.
"BEAVER CREEK, Colo. -- As the World Cup rolls on to Europe after its brief moment of glory in North America, one can't help but remember when New England hosted such events, last put on by Tommy Corcoran at Waterville Valley."
"NEW YORK : The world #39;s biggest toy maker, Mattel Inc., reported a drop in profits and sales as girls spurned Barbie, the most popular doll ever created."
"Jim Leyland, who led the Florida Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Philadelphia Phillies managerial vacancy."
ATLANTA -- Pilots for Delta Air Lines have begun to cast ballots on a union contract proposal that would slash their salaries by nearly a third.
"ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz, a former banker credited with its economic reforms, will take over as prime minister next week following his thumping National Assembly by-election victories on Wednesday. "
"The union representing workers at four Cooper Tire and Rubber Co. (CTB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) plants said on Tuesday that it has sued to block the company #39;s proposed sale of its auto parts business to two buyout firms."
Two months ago I pitted a struggling Hot Topic (Nasdaq: HOTT) against a vibrant American Eagle Outfitters (Nasdaq: AEOS). With the former expanding despite a troubling dip in same-store sales while the latter 
Four consumer electronics companies are moving into production of a new 64-bit chip for non-PC devices in a bid to address the next generation of broadband services piped into the home.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Thomson Corp. #39;s Thomson Financial unit said it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission requesting documents related to its Capital Markets Intelligence business.
Oil scaled a new high above \$55 a barrel Monday as a threat by Norwegian ship owners to halt production from the world #39;s third biggest exporter stoked fears of a winter supply crunch.
AP - Barry Bonds moved within one homer of 700 with a drive that will be remembered  #151; a 460-foot shot off the center-field scoreboard at Bank One Ballpark.
"Catching the New York Yankees stats, schedule remains the primary goal of the Red Sox stats, schedule, but winning the wild card and being forced to face the Oakland "
"Bryant, in a taped interview on ESPN #39;s  quot;Pardon the Interruption quot; on Wednesday, did not elaborate much further about Malone, who was accused of making a pass at Bryant #39;s wife, Vanessa, at a Lakers game on Nov. 23."
"Evidently the Celtics didn #39;t think five games were enough on this West Coast journey, so they performed a basketball cover of Southside Johnny #39;s I Don #39;t Want to Go Home #39; #39; and stayed around for two extra periods last night."
John Kerry accuses President George W Bush of incompetence over Iraq in a hard-hitting TV campaign ad.
"Edvard Munch's paintings ""The Scream"" and ""Madonna"" were stolen from an art museum Sunday while armed men threatened the staff at gunpoint."
"Setting its sights on the Microsoft mobile camp, Nokia has kicked off two standards initiatives intended to strengthen its appeal to enterprise IT."
"UBS continued to sweep up private banking assets yesterday with the purchase of the North America wealth management business of Julius Baer, the Swiss private bank."
A team of aviation pioneers with dreams of one day offering tourist trips into space will tomorrow attempt to clinch a 5.5 million prize by launching a craft beyond the 
"Macs still have fewer bugs than Windows PCs, but Apple moves to plug security holes before problems crop up."
"SEOUL - Two soldiers were killed and 12 others injured yesterday when an anti-tank rocket that was fired by mistake hit a group of troops in training, the army said."
"The AP article: Google Says Growth Is Slowing Down, that the search leader says that the growth that the company has seen so far this year, might not be sustainable."
WASHINGTON -- Two area high school students who have discovered a new way to detect breast cancer have won a national science competition.
"SANTA MONICA, Calif. - Rocker Courtney Love was sued Thursday by a travel agency that claims she ordered nearly \$50,000 in airline tickets, but wouldn't pay..."
U.S. and Iraqi forces claimed to have killed more than 100 guerrillas in one of the largest military operations since the war began.
"Reuters - Warner Bros. Pictures\has partnered with the production company of Jeff Skoll, who\previously was eBay's first full-time employee and first\president."
palmOne gets a little upset when people call the Treo 650 just an  quot;evolution quot; of the Treo 600. They insist that it is indeed a step up the ladder and not just a leg lift towards that next step.
"The 14million summer signing broke his leg during the 2-2 draw at Blackburn Rovers on Saturday in a horrific injury, and he is almost certain to have kicked his last ball this season."
"Freescale Semiconductor starts shipping its XS110 chip, which will help consumers to connect devices wirelessly."
Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids. After negotiations with management were outlined to the executive board of the players 
Money-losing Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that it is setting up a joint venture with Merrill Lynch to offer auto-sales financing services in the United States.
"Bank of America Corp., the third-largest bank in the United States, said Thursday that vice chairman James H. Hance, Jr., will retire at the end of January 2005 after nearly 18 years with the company."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Tuesday warned that full-year profit and revenue would fall  short of Wall Street expectations because of slowing pharmacy  sales as companies try to curb health-care costs."
"At a hearing Thursday on Capitol Hill, senators excoriated top federal drug regulators for failing to realize three years ago that Vioxx, a pain pill that Merck withdrew in September, was dangerous."
Sir Alex Ferguson is clearly excited over the prospect of Wayne Rooney making his debut for Manchester United Football Club. The England international is yet to play for the Reds since his 26million transfer 
"A PLAGUE of locusts has swarmed into Israel across the border from Egypt, threatening to devastate fields of crops in the countrys agricultural heartland."
Disgraced newspaper baron Conrad Black is calling it quits. Black is set to step down from the chairman #39;s post of his newspaper empire Hollinger Inc.
"Independent directors at Marsh   McLennan have begun talking to the New York attorney general about forcing the resignation of Jeffrey W. Greenberg, the chief executive."
"AP - Western Mexico's ""Volcano of Fire"" unleashed a towering column of smoke and ash Friday, after ropes of burning, orange lava poured from its peak overnight."
"She's often seen in a ubiquitous infomercial peddling Pilates videos, but Mari Winsor's lean and sinewy body may be the best walking advertisement of the exercise phenomenon."
"Newly arrived Duke University freshmen got something considerably snazzier than the usual Blue Devils T-shirts and ball caps: Their goodie bags included a free iPod digital music player engraved with the school's crest and the words ""Class of 2008."""
The annual meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Washington later this week should be anything but routine.
&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Quite a tempting package?
"Indianapolis Motor Speedway president Tony George announced a series of schedule changes Tuesday, including a return to four days of qualifying but with a new format that could give each car potentially 12 attempts to enter the 33-car lineup."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Altria Group Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MO.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Tuesday  posted higher quarterly profit, as higher income from its stake  in brewer SABMiller Plc &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAB.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SAB.L&lt;/A&gt;, a lower tax rate  and the weak  dollar offset weakness in domestic tobacco and its Kraft food  business."
"Online retailer Buy.com is inviting itself into the expanding social networking scene, acquiring a Web site that rewards members with checks or gift certificates if they persuade others to buy their favorite products."
Jamal Lewis had few problems coping with Marvin Lewis #39; defensive schemes last season and will be hoping history can repeat itself on Sunday when the Baltimore Ravens visit the Cincinnati Bengals in an AFC North Division match-up.
Gateway released the specifications this week for a retail desktop PC based on a new motherboard design that should help cool high-end processors and graphics cards.
AP - The main points of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan:
Martin Gramatica lined up for the go-ahead field goal and the Carolina Panthers assumed they would have to come from behind to beat Tampa Bay.
"Ricky Davis wants a do-over. With his Cleveland Cavaliers near the end of a 17-win season and enjoying a rare blowout victory over visiting Utah on March 16, 2003, Davis did the unthinkable for basketball purists. He deliberately missed a shot at his own basket to pad his rebounding statistics in an attempt to record his  #64257; rst career triple-double."
"The crash of a PeopleSoft Inc. student information system two weeks ago caused a serious disruption for students at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst, and IT staff are still troubleshooting the problems."
"In a move that #39;s bound to both please and displease, Capcom have revealed that Resident Evil 4 will arrive on PlayStation 2 late next year."
The DHL parcel delivery service said Thursday it was pulling its intercontinental hub - and thousands of jobs - out of Belgium because authorities refused to accept an increase in noisy night flights.
The world #39;s largest mobile phone manufacturer and Europe #39;s largest wireless operator have launched an initiative to simplify Java standards for mobile devices in a move aimed 
"They are not sad sacks, in point of fact, the Boston Red Sox and the Chicago Cubs, or are they, inevitably? In a loony, heartbreaking coincidence, they each collapsed just short of the World Series a year "
"It might not have been Reggie Miller #39;s last minute heroics, but it still gave the crowd in Worthen Arena something to cheer about."
Versatile Mike Imoh returns to Virginia Tech for Saturday's pivotal game against N.C. State after serving a three-game suspension.
"LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Linx Printing Technology (UK:LPT) said its board has agreed to recommend Danaher Corp. #39;s (DHR) 550p per share cash offer, valuing the British company at approximately 86 million pounds."
Venezuelan officials say first results of an audit of the vote on President Chavez's rule show no fraud.
"SPACE.com - Flip a coin. Heads, Earth is a common sort of planet. Tails, and ours is as unusual as a coin landing on edge. That's about the state of knowledge for scientists who ponder the question of our planet's rarity."
US lawyers file a criminal complaint against Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld over  abuses at Abu Ghraib jail in Iraq. 
"Hewlett-Packard on Friday will launch 25 consumer products, part of its push toward digital entertainment as some of its other units struggle."
"As Osama bin Laden surfaced on videotape for the first time in more than a year, New Yorkers responded to his blurry image with emotions ranging from fear to ambivalence."
Thailand's prime minister says he will not be forced to talk to suspected Muslim separatist in the south.
"Ember, a start-up developing chips for ZigBee, gets money from Paul Allen's venture fund. Bob Metcalfe comes aboard as chairman."
"NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it was asking permission to buy back debt from about 10 percent of its bondholders, in a first step toward the struggling company #39;s efforts to restructure its ..."
"AP - A 29-year-old Maryland man was charged with theft after calling NFL players Donovan McNabb, Darrell Green and Warren Sapp and convincing them to wire him money."
" BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Sinn Fein, political  ally of the Irish Republican Army, said Tuesday it had found a  British bugging device at party offices, days before crucial  talks on Northern Ireland's future."
"AP - The Chicago Bears will not sign Tim Couch, instead deciding to stick with the three quarterbacks on their roster."
"Reuters - Vets at a Berlin zoo have been forced to\separate a baby rhino from his mother for fear she may\accidentally trample him to death, zoo officials said on\Tuesday."
"XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company's discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users used to circumvent the music industry's crackdown on illegal file sharing."
"A new technique may someday be able to stop Alzheimer #39;s disease (news - web sites) before it starts. Tapping into the  quot;Trojan horse quot; strategy, scientists "
"They are young and strong and vibrant, their hair blowing in the wind, their smiles incandescent, their eyes awash with confidence in their own specialness. We call them larger than life. We call them immortal."
"Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera in a scuffle with photographers outside a London nightclub in the early hours of Thursday, royal officials said."
"Reuters - At least one Russian ministry has signed\letters agreeing to Moscow's approval of the Kyoto Protocol, a\spokesman said on Thursday in what could be a final step on the\long road to bringing the global pact into force."
Comcast Corp. and Time Warner Inc. on Monday announced an agreement on what could be the first step of giving Comcast a way to redeem its stake in Time Warner Cable Inc.
"JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. (JPM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US bank, said on Wednesday profit fell in the third quarter, missing analyst expectations, as a result of costs from its July merger with Bank One Corp."
"Canada #39;s housing industry is still firmly on track for another year of record home building despite an unexpected drop in building permits during the month of August, Statistics Canada reported Wednesday."
 quot;These last few months have been extremely exciting for the talented developers at the Mozilla project. Their Firefox browser has re-ignited the browser wars and done what no one thought possible -- taken 
Microsoft will continue to charge its customers for a single processor license once a new crop of hardware servers with the equivalent of two microprocessors on each chip hit the market next year.
"Two in a row was just too much for the Earthquakes, without the likes of forwards Brian Ching, Landon Donovan, Dwayne De Rosario and goalkeeper Pat Onstad."
"A high school student wielding a 9mm pistol shot and killed four classmates and wounded five more today in Argentina #39;s worst school rampage, police said."
"A crane smashed into a wall during construction of an unfinished terminal at Dubai #39;s airport Monday, and witnesses reported at least eight workers were killed."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as  expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation  expectations were easing.
"AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell calls it the most promising development in foreign assistance in decades. That is quite a claim for a program that has yet to disburse its first dollar. But it is clear that President Bush's Millennium Challenge Account, first proposed 2 1/2 years ago, represents a fresh approach to helping countries overcome economic backwardness."
STEVEN PRESSLEY enjoyed some rare old tussles against John Robertson during the Gorgie legends playing career - now the Hearts skipper cant wait to work with the new Tynecastle boss.
"ROME -- An earthquake in northern Italy overnight damaged scores of buildings and scared people out of their homes. The quake measured 5.2 and was felt in Milan, Turin, Genoa and Venice."
"The Black Watch has taken part in its biggest offensive since being re-deployed near Baghdad, raiding homes of suspected Saddam Hussein loyalists."
"InfoWorld - Fresh from setting a record for performance among supercomputers just a few days ago, IBM on Monday announced it is making a commercial version of its Blue Gene system available to be aimed at businesses and scientific researchers."
"ATHENS -- US sailors needed a big day to bring home gold and bronze medals from the sailing finale here yesterday. But rolling the dice on windshifts and starting tactics backfired both in Star and Tornado classes, and the Americans had to settle for a single silver medal."
"Doesn #39;t anyone watch The Apprentice? The Donald drove home the point Thursday night that you never underestimate your enemy, and that #39;s precisely what Notre Dame did apparently assuming it could low-ball Meyer "
"ENGLEWOOD, Colorado (Ticker) - Denver Broncos defensive tackle Luther Elliss has a herniated disc and will miss the rest of the season, coach Mike Shanahan announced on Friday."
Van Persie scored a last-gasp equaliser to rescue Arsenal from the jaws of defeat against Southampton on Saturday. The visitors had looked certain to condemn Arsene Wengers side 
" ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States pursued China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games."
Italian national coach Marcello Lippi has defended his decision to leave AS Roma striker Antonio Cassano out of his squad for this month #39;s two Group Five World Cup qualifiers.
"As Ken Solomon read the letter last month from a company whose software he had bought, one sentence set off alarms: ""Your credit or debit card information may be at risk."""
"UK Prime Minister Tony Blair attacked opponents of his decision to take the nation to war in Iraq, saying allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power would have risked the murder of more Iraqis."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Pakistan said Monday that there was no evidence Osama bin Laden is hiding in the country and denied it allowed CIA agents to set up bases along the border to search for the al-Qaida leader."
"Reuters - North Korean leader Kim Jong-il's wife\died of a heart attack earlier this month, South Korea's Yonhap\news agency said on Monday, quoting sources in Beijing."
"In a move which Microsoft claims will help fight spammers, MSN Hotmail users are facing charges if they want to access the email service via the Outlook email client."
"The war crimes trial of deposed Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein won #39;t begin any time soon because deteriorating security is hampering information-gathering in the case, a senior US official said Friday."
"JAKARTA: Indonesia #39;s new President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Wednesday unveiled his new cabinet, a broad selection of familiar faces and trusted professionals tasked with delivering his promises of tackling graft and reviving the economy."
Apple last week fulfilled the wish of every Internet discussion-forum enthusiast who #39;s longed for the capability to view photos on a tiny color screen.
"Natural and organic foods retailer Wild Oats Markets Inc. (OATS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and Pathmark Stores Inc. (PTMK.O: Quote, Profile, Research) both warned on Monday that their "
"AP - Paul Shmyr, the former NHL and WHA defenseman who captained the Edmonton Oilers in Wayne Gretzky's first season with the team, has died after a battle with throat cancer. He was 58."
"North Korea will find it difficult to return to nuclear talks if the United States keeps insisting that Pyongyang renounce peaceful as well as military atomic activities, the North #39;s main newspaper said on Tuesday."
"Google Inc. reported Thursday that sales and profit more than doubled in third quarter, despite an expense of more than \$200 million, as the company issued its first quarterly financial report since going public."
"Memphis, TN (Sports Network) - The Memphis Grizzlies signed All-Star forward Pau Gasol to a multi-year contract on Friday. Terms of the deal were not announced."
Stranded passengers from the devastated towns of Real and Infanta rush to board an outrigger boat December 6. Food and water shortage forced residents to flee to other province and Manila as roads to Real and other towns destroyed by flash floods and 
"The San Francisco slugger added another home run to his impressive total a day after hitting career homer No. 700, but San Diego #39;s Jay Payton hit a tiebreaking three-run shot in the seventh to lead the Padres past the Giants 5-1 on Saturday."
"A group led by Sony of America reached a tentative agreement to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$4.8 billion in cash, snatching it from Time Warner at the 11th hour."
"Because, while the Eagles are certain to stumble at some point during the regular season, it seems inconceivable that they will falter against a team with as many offensive problems as Baltimore has right now."
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli company said on Monday it  planned to distribute free to Asian countries hit by last  week's tsunami a device it says could save lives by warning  holiday-makers directly that a tidal wave is coming.
"AP - A judge's order requiring some provisional ballots in Michigan to be counted even if they are cast in the wrong precinct was put on hold Sunday, the second time in as many days that a federal appeals court dealt a setback to Democrats who wanted to ease voting restrictions."
"Alcohol-related auto accidents increase sharply during the holidays compared with other times in December, a study by the National Highway Traffic Safety Association shows."
"Buoyed by the strong performance of ESPN and its other cable channels, the Walt Disney Company said yesterday that its profit rose 24 percent in its fiscal fourth quarter."
"Utah Head Coach Urban Meyer hollers to his team during the first half of a game against Utah State in this Sept. 18, 2004 file photo in Logan, Utah."
A pioneering aviation company will attempt to rocket into space on Wednesday in a bid to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. The prize will go to the first non-governmental vehicle that can ferry three people 
" FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Market research firm IDC has raised  its 2004 forecast for global personal computer sales growth to  14.2 percent from 13.5 percent, driven by high commercial  demand, it said on Monday."
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices set new record highs above  \$54 a barrel for U.S. crude Tuesday, with global supplies  hounded by outages that are thwarting efforts to build winter  heating oil inventories."
Sales of non-new houses in the US fell last month but still exceeded analyst forecasts.
Sun Microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of Solaris operating system. In. Sun Microsystems is going to unveil its newest version of Solaris operating system.
"Once-dominant Manchester United no longer inspire fear in their opponents, according to club captain Roy Keane. United, English champions eight times in the last dozen seasons, already "
Michael Howard accuses Tony Blair of squandering the chance to lead efforts against climate change.
"BASRA, Iraq - An explosion occurred Saturday outside a former Saddam Hussein-era palace that houses a U.S. consular office and a British base, killing at least one person and wounding two others, police and witnesses said..."
"Boston Red Sox outfielder Gabe Kapler has signed with the Yomiuri Giants in Japan, opting for the chance to play every day over a return to the World Series champions."
The presidential campaign is not the only race that #39;s being hotly contested these days. Consider the battle of titans underway as the two largest computer hardware firms in the world -- IBM and HP -- duke 
PALESTINIAN leaders stepping into the power vacuum left by the death of Yasser Arafat face one of the most daunting challenges in their people #39;s troubled history.
The Chase for the Nextel Cup will begin in earnest Sunday with the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway. It will be the first event of NASCAR #39;s inaugural 10 
"The dollar is falling, so the smart money is moving into international stocks and mutual funds, right?"
"The national economy grew at a solid rate in the last three months, boosted by a rebound in consumer spending and another strong quarter of business investment, the Commerce Department reported yesterday."
"Yahoo Inc. said on Thursday it will begin testing a free desktop search service in early January, following rivals hoping to extend the reach of wildly profitable search-related advertising."
Hong Kong investigates after TV programmes beamed into China are allegedly hacked into by Falun Gong.
"Odyssey Healthcare Inc. (ODSY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday warned of an earnings shortfall, announced the resignation of its chief executive and said it was the subject "
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war  over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and  called for measures to curb such groups.
AFP - The US State Department announced it has authorized the departure of non-emergency personnel and family members of the US Embassy in Nepal's capital and suspended Peace Corps aid work in the country due to security concerns.
RIM's new BlackBerry 7100t phone represents a radical departure from the company's text-centric roots.
"AP - Top-seeded Elena Likhovtseva of Russia won the Forest Hills Classic on Saturday, defeating fourth-seeded Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-2."
"Germany #39;s Chancellor Gerhard Schroder and his wife Doris have adopted a three-year-old Russian girl who has been living with them for over a fortnight, Germany #39;s mass circulation Bild newspaper revealed yesterday. "
"President George W. Bush and his advisers like to say that sovereignty has been returned to the Iraqis. But the heart of the Iraqi capital, where the symbols of power are most concentrated, belongs to America."
"Reuters - LeBron James recorded 33 points to\guide the Cleveland Cavaliers to their fourth straight win, a\99-88 victory over the Golden State Warriors Monday."
"I have no problem with Microsoft operating in a market environment. Given a choice, I am sure many of us would gladly pay for Windows and Office rather than use Linux and Open Office."
"The BBC is told that South Korean scientists engaged in secret, illegal experiments to enrich nuclear fuel."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NCP.AX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NCP.AX&lt;/A&gt; will sell its stake in Sky Latin America to DirecTV  Group &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DTV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DTV.N&lt;/A&gt;, another company which it controls, for \$579  million in order to consolidate operations of the two satellite  broadcasters, the companies said on Monday."
"Reuters - Thousands of civilians have fled\their homes after clashes in the east of the Democratic\Republic of Congo, the United Nations said on Friday, but it\was unclear who was behind the violence."
"NOVEMBER 29, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The open-source Firefox Web browser may be making inroads on Internet Explorer with some users, but Microsoft Corp."
"WATERLOO, ONTARIO - Research in Motion reported sharply higher quarterly profits and revenues Thursday as sales of its popular BlackBerry wireless e-mail device continue to soar."
"PARIS, Nov 1 (AFP) - France condemned the Palestinian suicide attack Monday in Tel Aviv that killed four people, including the bomber, and called on all sides in the Middle East conflict to avoid a new cycle of violence."
We #39;ve uncovered some additional info on the upcoming Electronic Arts #39; title. Looks like this won #39;t be another Catwoman.
"After 106 years serving customers from early settlers to sophisticated ladies, Burdines,  quot;the Florida store, quot; will be no more."
"AP - Arsenal opened its defense of its English title with a 4-1 win at Everton on Sunday, making it 41 straight games without a loss in the Premier League."
"When the Red Sox return to Fenway Park next week, don #39;t be surprised if  quot;MVP quot; chants for Manny Ramirez start to become a fixture."
"The gotcha moment, the beginning of the end of a golfing era, came at the fifth-to-the-last hole of the Deutsche Bank Championship."
"BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- It #39;s not a Ryder Cup until there #39;s a controversy, invented or otherwise. On Wednesday the stage belonged to Phil Mickelson, who became a cause celebre by skipping a Ryder Cup "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the manager of a coin-operated  laundry seduces a mother and daughter and convinces them to  skip town, there's bound to be trouble, or perhaps a movie  plot."
"By Paul Jackson, senior analyst. With its new iMac G5, Apple Computer has once again come up with a unique package of design, power and ease of use."
The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia #39;s gauge of manufacturing in the region rose to 28.5 in October from 13.4 the month before.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Jerry Rice became the most prolific offensive player in NFL history on Monday night.
"Another game, another postseason classic. It will be news if the Red Sox and Yankees ever play a yawner. Last night certainly does not qualify."
Swiss mining firm Xstrata has relaunched an \$7.4bn Australian dollar (\$5.8bn) takeover bid for Australia #39;s WMC by appealing to its shareholders.
"WASHINGTON -- Human rights violations and outright atrocities are growing more rampant by the day in Haiti as police, former soldiers, and rebel groups wreak havoc in a violent struggle that local authorities and United Nations peacekeepers appear unable to control, according to US officials, foreign diplomats, and local human rights monitors."
"The Deutsche Bank Championship got a dream match-up for the final round when Vijay Singh shot a 3-under 68 on Sunday to move to 14 under, three strokes ahead of Tiger Woods."
"The Braves prevailed, 6-5, after coming back from a three-run deficit against the Houston Astros after Roger Clemens came out of the game."
New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis has become the target of Notre Dame #39;s coaching search. Dec. 11 New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis has become the target of Notre Dame #39;s coaching search.
Captain Sourav Ganguly today said India would have forced a result in the first cricket Test against South Africa on a lifeless track had they won the toss and batted first.
President Bush pledged yesterday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.
"AP - The new crew of the international space station will head into space on Oct. 14, Russia said Friday, after two delays pushed back the launch."
"If Arsenal is having a bad time in the English Premiere League after their defeat to Manchester United, they are not alone. Even Manchester United is failing to capitalize on that win with more draws in the league."
Vodafone has increased the competition ahead of Christmas with plans to launch 10 handsets before the festive season. The Newbury-based group said it will begin selling the phones in November.
Lycos Europe took a bold step by starting the  #39;Make love not spam #39; project. They can publicly backfiere some of the biggest spammers of the world.
"Metro Atlantas best home mortgage rates continue to hold at historic 30-year lows this week. After being grounded last week, the airlines are raising fares again to cover escalating fuel costs."
"Reuters - Southeast Asia announced on Monday its\first coordinated effort against the multi-billion dollar\illegal wildlife trade, drawing praise from conservationists\despite giving no timetable for the plan."
The United Arab Emirates has become the first Middle East country to join a US program aimed at protecting US-bound sea cargo from terrorists.
"Rice finished with 145 yards on eight catches, and Jackson had 113 yards on nine grabs...Testaverde broke Steve DeBerg #39;s NFL record with his TD pass to Copper, the 63rd receiver he #39;s hooked up with for a score...Alexander has scored 15 or more touchdowns "
"No matter the time, place, or situation, East Boston's Julius Williams never seems to run out of gas. The No. 2 scorer in Division 3A (18 touchdowns, seven 2-point conversions), Williams is coming off a 230-yard, four-touchdown performance against Boston English. Williams, a senior, explains why he is the city's best running back in this week's Q  amp; A."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home  run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight  year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh  Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
The French prime minister says a French-language satellite TV news channel will be launched next year.
"(National-NBC) Dec. 17, 2004 - The Christmas Grinch on the Internet this season is a new computer virus called  quot;Zafi. quot;. Zafi pretends to be an e-mail with holiday greetings, according to the antivirus firm Symantec."
"LONDON - How old is a movie legend? Definitely older than 37-year-old Nicole Kidman, according to screen veteran Lauren Bacall. Bacall became irritated during an interview with Britain's GMTV Wednesday when the younger actress was described as ""a legend.""  ""She's not a legend,"" Bacall said, cutting off interviewer Jenni Falconer in mid-sentence..."
"Kid #39;s clothing retailer Children #39;s Place agreed to buy Disney #39;s 313 North American retail stores, the companies said yesterday."
"In a gradual opening of China #39;s skies to more commercial aviation, Hong Kong and mainland regulators struck a deal Wednesday to grant more flying rights to carriers from the two sides."
Fujitsu Ltd. and Cisco Systems Inc. said today they have agreed to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will help service providers and enterprises build advanced IP networks.
"AFP - The death toll from a blast in a north China coal mine rose to about 50  after more than 20 bodies were found, the Xinhua news agency said."
"The software giant announces several changes and plans for its Virtual PC software, which lets Windows run on Apple machines."
German mail giant Deutsche Post said Tuesday it is taking a 38 per cent stake in Spanish postal company Unipost. Deutsche Post did not disclose the price of the stake in Barcelona-based Unipost 
"In 2000, Erin Brockovich-Ellis became the focus of a film about her efforts to expose an energy company's contamination of a community's water supply. Actress Julia Roberts played the role of the flamboyant, in-your-face environmental researcher. This week, Brockovich-Ellis, now 44, will be a keynote speaker at the W omen in Leadership Summit sponsored by Linkage Inc., a Massachusetts leadership ..."
"In the face of sharp disagreements between Argentina and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), on August 8 the Argentine government decided to temporarily suspend negotiations with ..."
"A racist slur made by Spanish national coach Luis Aragones against Thierry Henry has angered the Arsenal star #39;s teammates, who have called for FIFA take action."
"A Task Force Danger soldier was sentenced to 25 years of confinement for the murder of an Iraqi National Guard soldier, according to the US military."
" BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Airbus &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EAD.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;EAD.PA&lt;/A&gt; has withdrawn a filing  which gave support for Microsoft &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; in an antitrust case  before the European Union's Court of First Instance, a source  close to the situation said on Friday."
"Reuters - Europe's biggest software\maker SAP could need a year more than anticipated to reach its\profitability target as it spends on research, development and\marketing, its chief financial officer said on Thursday,\sending its shares lower."
"one of the richest and most recognizable basketball players in the world, an exclusive resort, an admiring young woman, an alleged rape."
Former Enron Corp. Assistant Treasurer Timothy Despain was charged in Houston federal court Tuesday with conspiracy to commit securities fraud and has agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors investigating the company.
"Boston University will raise the curtain on a new \$225 million athletic complex at a gala next week, and its much-anticipated Agganis Arena will host its inaugural hockey game Jan. 3."
"Guidant Corp., a maker of cardiac pacemakers and defibrillators, said Thursday that third-quarter earnings, excluding items, rose on slightly higher sales to beat Wall Street expectations."
Police in Spain identify the body of an alleged ringleader of the March train bombings in Madrid.
"THOMASTOWN, Ireland - Tiger Woods looked as if he should have withdrawn with a bad back. He played as if he was capable of winning the American Express Championship for a third straight time..."
"For Marie Davenport, a 29-year-old Providence College graduate from Ireland, yesterday's Tufts Health Plan 10K for Women was just a warmup."
"Would a half-day management training seminar have made a better boss of Ebenezer Scrooge? You and Bob Cratchit already know the answer; Ebenezer needed a more personal approach to turn him around. Dickens understood that. And now, just 161 years later, using personal coaches to modify behavior is all the rage in the enterprise."
Sir Alex Ferguson has called on the Football Association to punish Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry for an incident involving Gabriel Heinze.
"AFP - Three years of fighting between rival Christian and Muslim ethnic groups in the central Nigerian state of Plateau has claimed 53,787 lives, a third of them children, the state administration said."
"Red Sox executives are considering creating a hall of fame or museum at Fenway Park to help keep the fever going, and cash flowing, all year long."
"After examining film of Saturday's game, Maryland coaches pinpointed a series of lapses that Coach Ralph Friedgen summed up as ""a mess."""
"AP - Janus Capital Group Inc. said Wednesday it has finalized a  #36;226.2 million settlement with state and federal regulators over improper trading allegations, part of a scandal sweeping the  #36;7 trillion mutual funds industry."
"I ran now has backed off from a demand that had stalled an agreement worked out by France, Britain and Germany to freeze all of Iran #39;s uranium processing activities."
"Microsoft Corp. will expand its software development operations in India , according to the companys statement. Microsoft #39;s chief executive Steve Ballmer has formally opened the first building of the campus near Hyderabad ."
"Hee-Won Han knew she needed to birdie the 18th hole to force a playoff in the Safeway Classic.  quot;I just play, quot; she said.  quot;Not much pressure."
"SingTel Optus Ltd. and Vodafone Australia will share a high-speed wireless phone network, matching a similar alliance between their main rivals."
"Western governors gathered last week to plan with the Bush administration and Congress how to change the Endangered Species Act, the 31-year-old law they say "
"As part of its technology update program, the Defense Department has turned to two 256-processor Linux Networx Evolocity cluster supercomputers to improve complex computerized battlefield simulations."
"NEW YORK - Uneasy investors sold stocks mostly lower Tuesday as oil prices climbed above \$51 per barrel, creating new worries that rising energy costs would curb consumer spending and corporate profits."
"Australia #39;s government will spend A\$591 million (\$455 million) to upgrade security at its overseas missions and embassies over the next five years, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said."
Antepo will release Version 4.5 of its Open Presence Network (OPN) enterprise IM system on Monday. The new version features the capability to integrate messaging systems that use the XMPP system pioneered 
"In a career that spanned 75 years of writing for The Washington Post, the late columnist Shirley Povich covered some of the most memorable sporting events of the century."
"GENEVA, Sept. 8 -- The United States was ordered to withdraw some of its support for producers of cotton and other commodities, according to a World Trade Organization report made public Wednesday."
"The US National Science Foundation has awarded a \$1m grant to researchers in the US who want to put speech recognition on a chip, a move the project #39;s proponents claim will revolutionise the way we communicate."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Tuesday ahead of an expected U.S. central bank  interest rate hike, with investors pulling back from Monday's  rally."
"If you want the taste of Thanksgiving without the cooking and without the calories, a Seattle soft drink maker may have the answer."
Can the Bagers bounce back from last week #39;s debacle? Will Noah Herron maintain his momentum against Illinois? Will Minnesota be home for the holidays?
Mark Hughes says Robert Earnshaw #39;s move to Premiership club West Brom has improved the striker #39;s chances of being in Wales #39; starting line-up.
AFTER Justine Henin-Hardenne was upset in the US Open by Nadia Petrova - and subsequently dethroned as world No.1 - the Belgian was asked whether it was further confirmation that the Russians were coming.
"Nintendo Co. Ltd.(7974.OS: Quote, Profile, Research) sold 500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of sales in US stores for the new handheld featuring two screens "
Bilbao moved away from the relegation zone with a scarcely deserved victory. Ismael Urzaiz put the home side in front when he headed in a Francisco Yeste free kick in the 33rd minute.
Canadian Press - ROME (AP) - The Vatican returned a Russian icon venerated by Pope John Paul to Moscow on Friday in a gesture aimed at improving strained relations with the Russian Orthodox Church and possibly clearing the way for a visit by the ailing pontiff.
" SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces backed by  warplanes tightened their grip on the rebel stronghold of  Samarra Saturday, saying they had killed 125 rebels in one of  the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein."
"Stuart Appleby of Australia was the only player to break 70 Friday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that left him with a one-stroke lead over Lee Westwood of England halfway through the Nedbank Golf Challenge."
The reputation of the drug industry took another heavy blow yesterday with a report suggesting that Merck had fought for years to cover up evidence linking its painkiller Vioxx to heart attacks and strokes.
Sandia's motion detector could help predict if earthquakes are coming or if airplane parts are about to rip loose.
David Beckham scored a free-kick as Real Madrid beat Osasuna 1-0 in its first match under new coach Mariano Garcia Remon to go to the top of Spanish soccer #39;s Primera Liga.
"Fifth Third Bancorp predicted fourth-quarter results well below Wall Street expectations Thursday, citing a balance sheet restructuring aimed at reducing the risks associated with increasing interest rates."
"Toshiba is getting support from four Hollywood studios for its next-generation DVD format which is expected to be used in players, recorders and other products that go on the market late in 2005."
"Hall of Famer Juli Inkster, looking to extend to her streak of winning a tournament to eight years, shot a 5-under 66 Friday and took a one-stroke lead over Christina Kim after two rounds of the LPGA Longs Drugs Challenge."
"Canadian Press - ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) - Africa must brace itself for an AIDS time bomb as 8,000 people are infected with HIV a day in the region worst hit by the pandemic, the United Nations warned Thursday."
DaimlerChrysler and General Motors help biodiesel -- fuel that can be made from soybeans -- gain some traction in the United States and Europe. By John Gartner.
"KNOXVILLE, Tennessee (Sports Network) - Mike Goolsby #39;s interception return for a touchdown gave Notre Dame the lead and the Fighting Irish held on for a 17-13 win over ninth-ranked Tennessee at Neyland Stadium."
"MANCHESTER, England : Alex Ferguson is hoping the return of Rio Ferdinand will usher in a period of defensive stability for Manchester United as the club struggles to get its season back on track."
"LITTLE ROCK, Arkansas Wal-Mart Stores, the world #39;s largest retailer, on Tuesday reported a 12.7 percent rise in its earnings in the third quarter, meeting Wall Street expectations, but its stock fell on worries over its sales outlook."
"Technology News, SYDNEY, Kazaa, the world #39;s most popular Internet file-swapping system, told a court on Thursday it was worried about users exchanging unauthorised files and held talks with record companies in the United States about the problem."
"That #39;s the game Google Inc. and Microsoft Corp. are playing as the search-engine war heats up. Microsoft is rolling out a new search engine today, touting it as  quot;the largest index of information, quot; with more than 5 billion Web documents."
"The Eagles have a shifty back with a nose for the end zone in Brian Westbrook, but it seems like they pass on every down, even when they #39;re up big."
"When the rule of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was reaffirmed in a landslide 58-42 percent victory on Sunday, the opposition who put the recall vote on the ballot was stunned. They obviously don #39;t spend much time in the nation #39;s poor neighborhoods. "
A federal grand jury filed more charges Wednesday against the city #39;s former treasurer and a top mayoral fund-raiser in a broad corruption probe that involved FBI wiretapping 
The Conservatives today unveiled an eight-point plan to  quot;restore our saving culture quot; ahead of the publication tomorrow of the government #39;s long-awaited Turner report on pensions.
"Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. BANGKOK, Thailand -- Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister General Khin Nyunt -- among the most reformist of the military "
Retired Miami tailback Ricky Williams and his attorney have scheduled a meeting with the NFL to discuss the possibility of the former Heisman trophy winner's return.
"Reuters - Dell Inc. , the No. 1 personal\computer maker and the best customer of leading computer chip\maker Intel , is mulling using rival chips from AMD\, its chief executive said on Thursday."
"PENSACOLA, Fla. - A man who tried to shoot seven puppies was shot himself when one of the dogs put its paw on the revolver's trigger..."
"Royal Dutch/Shell, which this year had to postpone its annual report and shareholder meetings while it grappled with its sinking reserves figures, has taken precautions to avoid similar embarrassment in 2005."
"AP - America Online, which earlier this year stopped signing up new broadband customers, is telling existing broadband subscribers in nine Southern states that they must find a new broadband carrier by Jan. 17."
The recent rhetoric from the Middle East - hopeful and constructive from both sides of the divide - provides a glimmer of hope that Palestinians and Israelis may agree on new and peaceful borders in the coming new year.
"USATODAY.com - Internet search giant Google, quiet since going public in August, introduced a feature Wednesday that lets users search through pages of books online. Google is taking aim at online retailer Amazon.com, which offers similar technology on its e-commerce site."
"Discount retailer Fred #39;s Inc. (FRED.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said second-quarter profit fell, hit by increased markdowns, higher diesel fuel costs and other factors, sending its shares down almost 19 percent."
That #39;s what you can be assured of now following the NHL #39;s unflinching rejection of the NHLPA #39;s recent offer to end the current lockout and the union #39;s subsequent rejection Tuesday of a league counter-proposal.
"Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. \shares fell about 4 percent on Friday after a Needham   Co.\analyst lowered his investment rating on the stock to ""hold,""\saying much of the potential upside to the company's business\is reflected in the current stock price."
"Jerry Rice said he believes he could be traded by the Oakland Raiders before Tuesday #39;s deadline. Rice, who turns 42 today, told Sacramento, Calif."
"Corvis Corp. said yesterday it will change its name to Broadwing Corp., a move that reflects the Columbia company's reinvention from a maker of fiber-optic equipment to a provider of telecom services."
"A team of Canadian volunteers chasing a \$10 million prize for launching a privately financed reusable space vehicle is backing off its plans to blast off next week, leaving just one competitor on the starting line for the jackpot."
"FT.com - Celtel, a pan-African mobile phone operator with a strong presence in sub-Saharan Africa, has reported a near 50 per cent rise in revenues as it benefits from rising mobile phone penetration across the region."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Tuesday ordered the deportation  of former world chess champion Bobby Fischer, wanted at home in  the United States for breaking sanctions, rejecting his demand  for protection as a political refugee."
"Two major state-run Chinese banks on Wednesday announced plans to roll out American credit cards, including the country's first dual-currency American Express Card."
The Food and Drug Administration says a rocket fuel component contaminates nearly 94 percent of the milk and lettuce samples surveyed. The compound is suspected of having nasty effects in humans. By Amit Asaravala.
"Government scrutiny of Boeing (BA:NYSE - news - research) appears to be widening, with federal prosecutors reportedly now looking at a \$100 billion Army program Boeing oversees."
"Infosys Technologies on Monday announced that its Board of Directors approved Sponsoring a Secondary ADS Offering ( quot;the Offering quot;), against equity shares held by its existing shareholders in India."
The US dollar rallied after dropping to a record low Thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency #39;s slide.
"SAN FRANCISCO: Hewlett-Packard Co said on Tuesday its quarterly profit rose 27 as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region and fixed problems with its server and storage unit, sending shares higher by 8."
The US Senate on Monday passed a corporate tax bill that would dole out 136 billion dollars in new tax breaks to a wide array of US companies.
"Study performed for USA Today finds longer waits at major hubs, as troubled airlines cut costs. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Passengers of the nation #39;s largest airlines are experiencing longer layovers when making "
"AP - The future of controversial European Union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt Thursday after the Polish government switched sides, saying the directive could hurt small and medium-sized businesses."
"AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry turned the Bible against born-again Methodist President George W. Bush, arguing that his policies ran counter to America's moral foundation."
Oracle Corp. has launched a program for independent software vendors (ISVs) that build Oracle-based applications and that want to get into the application hosting and management business but lack the resources to do so.
"Intel, seeing growing demand for Linux desktop systems in the Asia-Pacific region, is stepping up its outreach efforts to channel partners."
Marcelo Zalayeta came off the bench to fire Juventus to a 1-0 victory at Udinese and extend the Bianconeris lead at the top of Serie A to two points.
" HANOI, Vietnam (Reuters) - An Asia-Europe forum accepted  Myanmar and 12 other new members Thursday ahead of a summit  strained by Yangon's human rights record and detention of  democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi."
"Three US soldiers were wounded, one of them critically, when Afghan guerrillas attacked their vehicle with rockets and guns, the US military said Monday."
"After her first match in five months, former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters was reassured Thursday her left wrist could stand up to top competition again and set her sights on a new test "
"SAN DIEGO (Ticker) - The San Diego Padres lacked speed and an experienced bench last season, things veteran infielder Eric Young is capable of providing."
The used-car retailer stabilizes results with an all-in-one strategy.
Reuters - A reality show or soap opera\on your mobile phone? This is the vision of top telecoms firms\as they hope that from 2006 consumers will sign up for new\phones that can receive digital television signals.
Reuters - Oil prices headed up toward  #36;45 a\barrel on Wednesday as Hurricane Ivan shut 60 percent of crude\output in the Gulf of Mexico and at least five refiners along\the U.S. coast planned to close as a precaution.
"AP - Two great white sharks attacked and killed a surfer while his friends watched in horror Thursday off a popular beach in the southern Australian city of Adelaide, authorities said."
MANAMA: Bahrain last night joined international efforts to secure the release of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq. Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Dr Mohammed Abdul Ghaffar urged the kidnappers to free Ken Bigley and other hostages soon.
"Thousands of rechargeable batteries for use in Apple #39;s Powerbook G4 laptop are being recalled. The batteries can overheat, posing a fire hazard. However, no injuries have been reported. "
"Do you yawn throughout the day or get sleepy while driving? Does your family complain about loud snoring? You might be one of the millions of Americans with undiagnosed sleep apnea, which causes more than fatigue - it also seems to spur heart disease and other serious illnesses."
"In a dismal season defined by offensive futility, Penn State fans have pleaded for changes to the Nittany Lions #39; offense. They have chanted the name of the true "
Lee Westwood led the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa Saturday with a score of 5-under-par 211 for three rounds. The British player shot a 1-under 71 for a one-shot lead over Retief Goosen of South Africa.
"When lifestyle doyenne Martha Stewart arrives at the Alderson Federal Prison Camp, the multimillionaire businesswoman won #39;t just "
"Most large companies are struggling to protect themselves against security threats, a survey from security consultancy NetSec published today reveals.\"
"UNITED NATIONS : The UN Security Council is expected to vote on a draft resolution presented by France and the United States calling for respect for Lebanon #39;s sovereignty, the US ambassador here said."
"After a year of pilots and trials, Siebel Systems jumped with both feet into the SMB market Tuesday, announcing a new approach to offer Siebel Professional CRM applications to SMBs (small and midsize businesses) -- companies with revenues up to about \$500 million."
AP - Matt Morris went from longtime ace of the St. Louis Cardinals' pitching staff to the middle of their rotation in the first round of the playoffs.
"ATHENS, Greece - Shawn Crawford was all business Tuesday morning, speeding to victory in 20.55 seconds in his first-round heat of the 200 - a sharp contrast to his antics in the early rounds of the 100. Crawford, who finished fourth in the 100 after dominating the early rounds, was joined in the second round by U.S..."
"TEHRAN, 19 November 2004 - Four Iranians accused of spying on the Islamic republics nuclear program for foreign governments have gone on trial in Tehran, a judicial official was quoted as saying yesterday."
" LONDON (Reuters) - The United States has manifestly failed  to uphold obligations to reject torture and cruel, inhuman or  degrading behavior in the ""war on terror"" launched after Sept.  11, 2001, Amnesty International said Wednesday."
"For some reason, noon just comes way too early, and making it to campus is a struggle. I thought one of my professors was going to be a stickler about it and dock me some points, but I had a talk with him to calm him down."
"Offering a simple, ""Thank you America,"" Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi addressed a joint meeting of Congress ."
AP - Federal and state officials plan to announce Friday an agreement to spend  #36;1.3 million over the next five years to save California's state fish.
"SO another series is over and more bouquets deservedly are coming the way of this redoubtable Australian cricket team. Yesterday, Ricky Ponting held aloft the Trans-Tasman Trophy after another "
"VANCOUVER - The future of of the Vancouver Molson Indy Race is up in the air again, following the release of the Champ Car World Series schedule for 2005."
AP - No one knows how to bring Oklahoma's stout defense to life like Texas.
"ATHENS, 18 September - At the Opening Ceremony of the 12th Paralympic Games, Phil CRAVEN, MBE, congratulated Athens and all its citizens that have contributed to getting the city ready for the Paralympic Games."
"The NBA is facing serious, serious issues, problems bigger than fan arrests and player suspensions can repair. A season that began with Latrell Sprewell suggesting he would be hard-pressed "
AP - Archaeologists said Monday they have found a cave where they believe John the Baptist anointed many of his disciples  #151; a huge cistern with 28 steps leading to an underground pool of water.
" CROMWELL, Connecticut (Reuters) - PGA Tour veteran Fred  Funk's positive approach paid dividends when he carded a  one-under-par 69 to move one stroke clear of the field after  the third round of the \$4.2 million Buick Championship  Saturday."
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Fannie Mae (NYSE:FNM) has elected not to issue Benchmark Notes in November. The company currently intends to issue Benchmark securities in accordance with its "
" Davie, Fla. (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins bolstered  their depleted running corps on Wednesday, acquiring running  back Lamar Gordon from the St. Louis Rams in exchange for a  2005 third-round draft pick."
"TOKYO (AP) -- NTT DoCoMo, Japan's top mobile-phone carrier, and Motorola Inc. (MOT), the world's No..."
"After a steady diet of feature announcements throughout most of this year, Sun Microsystems officials formally launched their next-generation operating system this week."
"BARDOLINO, Italy (CP) - Tereza Hurikova of the Czech Republic won the junior time trial to take home the first gold medal and rainbow jersey of the world road cycling championships Monday."
"A weak dollar should be good for U.S. exports. But it's already causing pain overseas, and in the long run it could drive up the cost of living at home"
"ISN SECURITY WATCH (30/09/04) - The worlds oil markets remained jittery this week after spot prices for crude reached historic highs, and the announcement of a truce between Nigerian rebels and government forces was not enough to convince traders "
"Stocks rallied in quiet trading, as oil prices fell for a fourth consecutive day and a pair of government reports gave a mixed picture of the economy."
"DENVER - The food at the Federal Corrections Camp in Alderson, W.Va., apparently is nothing to write home about - unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart."
"AP - Tom Watson's victory in the inaugural Tradition is all the more memorable because it was his last win with the man who was by his side for some 30 years, caddie Bruce Edwards."
"In the name of developing simpler voice over IP solutions, Vonage Holdings has teamed with Boingo Wireless. Initially, the companies will target business travelers with Boingo #39;s Wi-Fi service and Vonage #39;s SoftPhone service."
"Local government offices in the French capital will be moving to open source software, but they #39;ll be doing it slowly. An independent study showed that a switch to open source would cause  quot;significant "
"The football team is 2-4 and attendance is down, but Middle Tennessee State is hoping OutKast #39;s Big Boi can save the day. No, the rapper isn #39;t suiting up."
OPEC ministers said Thursday that they were considering curbing output and taking some oil off the market to prevent a price slump.
"UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan assured the Iraqis that the world body will provide assistance to their elections next year, including more staff  quot;as circumstances permit."
"For 43 years, the Mets have been a relatively white team reflecting the suburbs. Now, with Omar Minaya and Pedro Martinez, talent and desire speak Spanish."
Four ex-Gurkhas working for a London-based security firm have been killed in an attack in Baghdad. The Foreign Office confirmed the Nepalese men were all former members of the famous Gurkhas but could give no further details of the attack.
"At some point, one would think Washington #39;s new Major League Baseball franchise -- assuming it does, at some point, play in Washington -- would want to plaster "
New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday said that the European Commissions proposal to bestow  #39; #39;strategic partnership #39; #39; to India will be formalised at the coming India-European Union Summit hosted by the Netherlands Prime Minister Jan Belkende.
The FCC's new ruling on broadband wiretaps will force customers to pay for the privilege of making  the Internet less secure.\
A luxury cruise ship in the Caribbean is the unlikely setting for tests of biometric ID cards for seafarers.
"Santander Central Hispano SA, the biggest bank in Spain and Latin America, may drop its 8.2 billion (\$14.9 billion) offer to buy Abbey National Plc if rival bids lead to a long competition "
"Reuters - Israel's parliament ratified Prime\Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan on Tuesday, a\pivotal step toward the first evacuation of settlers from\occupied territory Palestinians want for a state."
Japan's rate of economic expansion is revised downwards for the three months to June amid falling government investment.
"Moscow, Russia (Sports Network) - Russia and France cruised into the Fed Cup final Thursday, completing 5-0 shutouts over opponents Austria and Spain after taking commanding early leads in the semifinals."
"Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails on Thursday have effectively ended an 18-day-old hunger strike after most of their demands for better conditions were met, a Palestinian cabinet minister said."
Theres no doubt about it. Serena Williams #39; outfit Monday night when she won her first-round match in the US Open was an eye-catching number.
"Some 20 years ago, Ehud Olmert  now deputy prime minister of Israel, recently mayor of Jerusalem, back then a rising star in Israel #39;s right-wing firmament  was among the principal speakers at a United Jewish Appeal event in ..."
"washingtonpost.com - Microsoft is going to Tinseltown today to announce plans for its revamped Windows XP Media Center, part of an aggressive push to get ahead in the digital entertainment race."
Reuters - Israeli police arrested nuclear\whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu on Thursday on suspicion of\spilling more state secrets seven months after he completed an\18-year prison term for treason.
"Unwilling to sit back and let Oracle (Quote, Chart) grab all of the attention this week, BEA Systems (Quote, Chart) said a beta of its new application server, WebLogic Server 9.0, will be available for download next week."
" SAO PAULO, Brazil (Reuters) - The beating to death of four  vagrants and the battering of several others in downtown Sao  Paulo have raised suspicions of death squads as crime soars in  this vast South American city, officials said on Friday."
"AFP - Caron Butler scored 18 points as the Los Angeles Lakers rallied for a 105-80 NBA exhibition win over road-weary Sacramento, who were playing their first game since returning from China."
"Japan #39;s Ai Sugiyama suffered a shock first-round loss as the top seeds had a bad day at the Wismilak International. Third-seed Sugiyama was fuming after her 6-4 7-6 (7-1) loss in Bali to Aiko Nakamura, who is 151 places below her in the world rankings."
NEW YORK -- How ugly was it? Ask one of the closest eyewitnesses to measure it on a scale of 1 to 10.
The military also said it had conducted an airstrike early Saturday morning in the volatile city of Falluja to kill militants holding a meeting.
"Hoping to boost recently slackening sales of its flagship product, Apple Computer Inc. is using the dog days of summer to unveil the redesigned iMac, opening the curtain on its popular desktop computer at the Apple Expo in Paris. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Around a fifth of the North Sea would be closed to fishing next year under European Commission plans for an unprecedented ban to help rescue cod stocks from collapse.
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli army said it had attacked  the car of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad militant commander who  was killed in a Gaza City airstrike on Tuesday.
"AP - A year after the first of NASA's twin rovers landed on Mars, scientists on Monday celebrated the robotic explorers that were supposed to last only about three months but are still roaming a planet with a reputation for swallowing spacecraft."
The nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the National Software Reference Library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.
"AILING supermarkets group Sainsbury #39;s is slashing its dividend, axing 750 head office jobs and pouring 3,000 new staff on to the shop floor in a last-ditch attempt to revive its fortunes."
Newcastle United drew 1-1 at Charlton to extend its unbeaten league run under manager Graeme Souness to four matches and climb one place to eighth in English soccer #39;s 20- team Premiership.
"Microsoft #39;s flagship Internet Explorer has once again come under the spotlight, albeit for all the wrong reasons. Two more vulnerabilities were uncovered in the widely used Web browser version 6, according to security firm Secunia."
Arab TV channel al-Jazeera shows footage of what it says are three Western hostages kidnapped this week.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Tuesday as shares of  major oil companies tumbled after the price of crude fell more  than a \$1 a barrel to a 3-month low.
"Paul Pierce scored 24 points and Marcus Banks a season-high 20, and the visiting Boston Celtics put seven players in double figures en route to a 117-101 victory Monday against the Orlando Magic."
JACKSONVILLE - University of Florida football players went to Alltel Stadium on Saturday to win one for their coach. Florida #39;s 31-24 loss to 10th- ranked Georgia featured everything the Gators #39; frustrated 
"Nearly a generation ago, in 1981, the debut of the IBM PC ushered in the personal computing era of business, a wondrous event in the history of computing that led to the immediate birth of one of the most thankless tasks in IT: desktop support."
"Some of the silly tunes Japanese pay to download to use as the ring tone for their mobile phones sure have their knockers, but it #39;s for precisely that reason that a well-known counselor is raking it in at the moment, according to Shukan Gendai (10/2)."
Kansas City #39;s Priest Holmes ran for two touchdowns and Trent Green passed for one Monday night in a 27-24 win over the Baltimore Ravens.
An international team of astronomers is announcing today that they have identified the probable surviving companion star to a titanic supernova explosion witnessed in the year 1572 by the great Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe and other astronomers of that 
TOKYO (Reuters) - Electronics conglomerate Sony Corp. unveiled eight new flat-screen televisions on Thursday in a product push it hopes will help it secure a leading 35 percent of the domestic market in the key month of December. 
"Democrat John Kerry has taken a slight lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that found him gaining ground with women, boosting his overall popularity and cutting into the president's advantage on national security."
"Samsung Electronics Co. has become the first South Korean company to exceed the 10 trillion won (\$8.7 billion) operating profit milestone this year, with its third-quarter profit jumping on strong memory chip earnings."
"Unlike their red-stockinged rivals, the Yankees weren't going to use their next scheduled starter -- Mike Mussina -- to relieve if things went bad early last night."
"Reuters - Pakistani Finance Minister Shaukat\Aziz easily won a seat in parliament, clearing the way for him\to take over as prime minister next week, officials said on\Thursday."
Four million people were tonight without power in Florida as Hurricane Frances smashed its way across the sunshine state. The storm which has left thousands of British holidaymakers 
"Emeryville #39;s Chiron Corp. said Thursday that it will delay shipments until early October of its flu vaccine, Fluvirin, after the company identified a small number of lots that do not meet product sterility specifications."
"A complete switch ""would mean significant additional costs without improving the service provided,"" a French official says."
Dutch engineers stitch together hundreds of images to create a photo with 2.5 billion pixels.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Giant digital image
"PARIS, Oct 17 (AFP) - European stock markets could be heading for a patch of rough water with the introduction of new accounting standards, analysts are warning, saying that stock prices could be bounced around and initial public offerings held back."
"Microsoft acknowledged on Monday it continued to battle a technical glitch that prevented MSN users from logging on to the service #39;s instant-messaging system, MSN Messenger, for the past three days."
"AP - A lieutenant of Iraq's most feared terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was captured a few days ago in Mosul, and Iraqi troops searching suspected terrorist hideouts in Fallujah discovered a laboratory with manuals on manufacturing explosives and toxins  #151; including anthrax, Iraq's national security adviser said Thursday."
"CAMP LEJEUNE, NC -- Camp Lejeune Marines patrolling south of Baghdad, Iraq, are getting help from British troops. The 24th Marine Exepeditionary Unit of some 2,200 troops says it is being reinforced by some "
"Reuters - Wanadoo has signed a deal with U.S.-based\digital media firm Loudeye  to bring its online music\service to subscribers in the Netherlands and Spain, the\Internet division of France Telecom  said on Tuesday."
"Qwest Communications International Inc. posted a third-quarter loss of \$569 million after setting aside more money to settle lawsuits stemming from a three-year, \$3."
"Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp on Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town."
"Nintendo Co. is set to launch Nintendo DS, the latest of its wallet-sized game systems. The company will have its \$150 Nintendo DS in United States stores Nov. 21 -- hoping to take advantage of post-Thanksgiving shopping."
he National Basketball Association announced yesterday that it had canceled an Oct. 8 exhibition game in Russia featuring the Utah Jazz against the Moscow club CSKA because the recent terrorist 
"It will be hot, but not hostile. It will be a long trip, and there will be no shortcuts as the Patriots prepare for the Arizona Cardinals, who under Dennis Green may not win 10 games but may not lose 10, either."
A man is due in court accused of the murder of 14-year-old schoolgirl Danielle Beccan in a drive-by shooting. The teenager died after being shot yards from her home in the St Ann #39;s district of Nottingham as 
 DHAKA (Reuters) - Opposition activists in Bangladesh  attacked railway stations and battled police across the country  on Tuesday on the first day of a two-day strike called to  protest against a deadly grenade attack at the weekend.
Members of a federal loan board said they felt United Airlines bid for \$1.6 billion in assistance was based on a faulty business plan.
"Michigan Stadium was mostly filled with empty seats. The only cheers were coming from near one end zone -he Iowa section. By Carlos Osorio, AP."
The brother of a British hostage being held in Iraq accused the United States on Thursday of sabotaging efforts to spare the man #39;s life.
ATHENS - Asafa Powell led the way into what appears to be a wide-open Olympic 100m final on Sunday as the Jamaican won his semifinal in 9.95 seconds.
"Manchester City midfielder Claudio Reyna could be out for up to another eight weeks after a thigh injury flared up again on his comeback at the weekend, the Premier League club said on Wednesday."
"Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday\launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th\country in which the popular service is available."
"Oracle announced the creation of Oracle Collaboration Suite, a real-time toolkit enabling enterprises to collaborate and manage content in whole new ways."
Texas Instruments (TI) has developed the wireless industry #39;s first digital TV on a single chip for cell phones. This will capture broadcast signals and allow cell phone users to watch live broadcasts ranging.
AP - Kansas City outfielder Matt Stairs signed a one-year contract extension Wednesday that will keep him under contract with the Royals through 2005.
Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. RHAT.O said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape #39;s computer user identification and management technology from America Online Inc.
"In NEW YORK item, please read headline as ...UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide Forwarding... instead of ...UPS buys CNF #39;s Menlo Worldwide for cash,debt... (Clarifies that UPS buying just a unit, not whole of Menlo Worldwide)."
"The United States will press the EU to get tough with Iran at a meeting of the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog on Thursday, urging a trigger for UN Security Council action if Tehran resumes any uranium enrichment work."
"KABUL, Afghanistan -- US soldiers sprayed a pickup with bullets after it failed to stop at a roadblock in central Afghanistan, killing two women and a man and critically wounding two other people, the latest in a string of civilian deaths at the hands of American forces."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When businesses consider their  assets, they may look at obvious things like products,  buildings, equipment, patents, even valued employees. But the  company's history?"
"SALT LAKE CITY -- Morgan Scalley returned the opening kickoff 90 yards for a touchdown and Alex Smith threw for three TDs and ran 70 yards for another, leading No. 9 Utah past UNLV, 63-28, last night."
" KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - Sudan said Sunday it was  disappointed with a U.N. resolution that threatens sanctions if  it does not stop violence in the western Darfur region, adding  it was resentful of the world body."
"The government on Wednesday defended its decision to radically revise the country #39;s deficit figures, ahead of a European Commission meeting to consider possible disciplinary action against Greece for submitting faulty figures."
"Reuters - General Motors Corp. , coming off\two straight months of disappointing sales, told dealers on\Tuesday it will launch new U.S. sales incentives later this\week."
"(Columbia) Nov. 18, 2004 - Former South Carolina Gamecock, New York Giant and Minnesota Vikings linebacker Corey Miller says the name Lou Holtz has helped South Carolina recruit football players."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average appeared headed  for its third straight day of gains on Thursday and was up one  percent by late afternoon as tech issues such as Shin-Etsu  Chemical were lifted by a rally in New York.
"The dashing Prince of Persia is back in Warrior Within, and in a more bellicose mood than last time."
"After preaching the superiority of its DLT tape format for years, Quantum has up and bought Certance, a key maker of the rival LTO format."
Tokyo #39;s Nikkei was down 0.26 percent by late trade on Wednesday although it recovered slightly from earlier lows as selling was curbed amid growing views that the market has fallen too far too fast.
US questions about how Japan and the European Union would retaliate against a law that has handed more than \$750 million in customs duties to US companies stalled World Trade Organization approval of the sanctions today.
AFP - Ukraine prepared for a crucial runoff presidential vote that pits a pro-Russia prime minister against a Western-leaning opposition leader as Washington warned Kiev of consequences if the poll is rigged.
"Paul Allen #39;s backing of commercial space flight received a boost Monday, as a startup called Virgin Galactic plans to build an aircraft based on the technology used by SpaceShipOne, the Allen-backed plane that flew into space in June."
"Those the gods wish to destroy, they first make really dumb"
"The New York Mets started looking for a manager even before they announced Omar Minaya as general manager and president of baseball operations Thursday, lining up Carlos Tosca for an interview, according to the New York Daily News."
"Getting Serena Williamss attention with two early service breaks, Tatiana Golovin jumped ahead in the first set before Williams rallied to win at the U.S. Open."
Cosmologists may have to reassess their understanding of the evolution of the early Universe after surprising new data from the Hubble Space Telescope.
"Booming orders for new military aircraft boosted overall orders to US factories by 0.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in October, the Commerce Department "
The South Korean military is trying to find out whether North Korean agents might have infiltrated the country after the discovery early Tuesday of a hole cut in a fence on the southern edge of the demilitarized zone separating 
"Sports India, Cricket: Kanpur, Nov 21 : Andrew Hall #39;s career best 163 enabled South Africa to remain in a commanding position at the end of Day 2 of the first Test match against India held in Kanpur."
Reuters - An asteroid named for a Celtic god\of war will come as close to Earth this week as it has since\1353.
"The Milan midfielder believes that the Rossoneri are ready to take on Juventus on Saturday night. Clarence Seedorf will be facing his former coach at Real Madrid, Fabio Capello, this weekend, but hed rather "
"College field hockey: MIT at Wellesley, 3 p.m.; Salem St. at Lasell, 3 p.m.; University of New England at Bridgewater St., 3 p.m.; Wesleyan at Tufts, 3:30 p.m.; Western New England at Babson, 7 p.m.; Clark at Wheaton, 7 p.m."
"Discount retailer ShopKo Stores Inc. said Wednesday that sales at stores open at least one year, or same-store sales, fell 4.8 percent during the month of November."
"By EMMA ROSS    MUNICH, Germany (AP) -- There's more good news for chocolate lovers. Scientists have found that eating dark chocolate appears to improve the function of important cells lining the wall of blood vessels for at least three hours..."
Eddie Jordan checked out of the hospital yesterday. He ended up there after Washington Wizards trainers examined his swollen left calf on Thanksgiving morning and immediately recommended that the team #39;s head coach see a physician.
The king of Breeders #39; Cup trainers is pursuing his record 18th victory on horse racing #39;s biggest stage in a surprising way.
"Back in the fall of 1994, National Hockey League training camps opened on time, only to close down when the owners and the Players Association failed to reach a collective bargaining agreement. Ultimately, the season was shortened to 48 games. Back then, there was a different kind of unease, as well as a lack of experience with -- and preparedness ..."
Fed-up fans at the Air Canada Centre yesterday treated Vince Carter as if the trade was already a done deal. SUPERSONICS 101 RAPTORS 94.
"Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Live From SES Sweden - AdSense verses Affiliate Programs - Google Is Now Indexing Pop-ups - Redirects, Frames And Cloaking - Do You Avoid Content Targeted Listings? - Image Ads On Google Adwords - The Right way to Count Links?"
"Yasser Arafat #39;s last days on earth, a subject of intense interest throughout much of the world, have evoked mixed emotions in the country that was his life #39;s obsession: Israel."
"A US citizen is among four people reported to have been kidnapped at gunpoint from their office in Baghdad.  quot;They stormed the villa with automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades, quot; a police source told the Reuters agency."
" LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Thursday as  Hurricane Ivan reached the U.S. Gulf Coast, shutting more than  1 million barrels daily of output in the Gulf of Mexico and 13  percent of U.S. refining capacity."
White settlers are using the judicial system to try to evict Indians from parts of a reservation in the Amazon.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Juan Pierre had three hits and A.J.  Burnett pitched eight solid innings as the Florida Marlins  salvaged a split of their key four-game series against the  Chicago Cubs with an 11-1 win in the series finale in National  League play Sunday.
"An Iraqi television cameraman working for Reuters was killed on Monday during heavy fighting between US forces and insurgents in Ramadi, west of Baghdad, policeand witnesses said."
"Molson Inc., Canada #39;s biggest brewer, and Adolph Coors Co., agreed to pay Molson shareholders a special dividend of C\$381 million (\$315 million) as part of their proposed merger in an effort to win over investors."
"The first week of training camp is not over and the Nets' best player, Jason Kidd, has sounded off twice."
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - First the premiers snubbed Paul Martin's breakfast invitation. Then the prime minister reacted in kind to their demand for  #36;36.5 billion in new health-care funding.
"Trusted Computer Solutions (TCS) Inc. officials are developing Trusted Linux, a highly secure version of Linux that will rival Unix in environments in which security is the highest priority."
"LONDON, August 18 (New Ratings)  The insolvent Italian dairy food product company, Parmalat Finanziaria SpA (PAF.FSE), filed a lawsuit against its former auditors, Deloitte  amp; Touche and Grant Thornton, today, seeking damages of at least \$10 billion. "
Quarterback Brett Favre #39;s longest run in two seasons stood as the second-longest run by the Green Bay Packers offense Sunday night.
KAKA and Ronaldo hit two goals each as Brazil held their lead in the South America World Cup qualifiers after a comfortable win at Venezuela during a match twice interrupted by fans running onto the pitch.
"Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays announced Monday that they have retained manager John Gibbons for next season."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - An Internet posting claimed Saturday that an al-Qaida-linked group has killed British hostage Kenneth Bigley. The claim could not immediately be confirmed, and Britain's Foreign Office described the site where it appeared as ""discredited.""   Bigley was kidnapped Sept..."
" quot;I feel we did not go forward enough and were a little bit within ourselves when we were 1-0 up, we were a little bit cautious."
"Atlanta-based Cingular Wireless, on the cusp of closing its acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless, reported third-quarter results yesterday that showed higher sales and a slight decrease in operating income."
Tournament favourite Ernie Els endured a nightmare run on the back nine on Friday to slide down the leaderboard at the Dunhill Championship.
 LONDON (Reuters) - The International Monetary Fund has cut  its forecast for global growth next year slightly amid  expectations that the U.S. and Chinese economies will not  expand as strongly as previously thought.
&lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; review&lt;/strong&gt; Mobile phone styling comes to the MP3 world
SHOAIB Akhtar completed a first-round knockout of his rival Matthew Hayden yesterday in a hell-raising opening to the Australia-Pakistan Test series in Perth.
"Houston-based Dynegy Inc. has agreed to buy ExRes SHC Inc., the parent company of Sithe Energies and Sithe Independence LP, from Chicago-based Exelon Corp."
"The folks at Merriam-Webster (publishers of the Merriam-Webster Dictionary) have released their Top Ten list for 2004. Topping the list is the word  quot;blog, quot; which most of us know all about from firsthand experience."
Not since Australia beat South Africa in the 1999 World Cup semi-finals has there been such a southern hemisphere takeover of this stadium and the All Blacks took the opportunity to throw down a gauntlet to next year #39;s Lions.
"Yukos #39; largest oil-producing unit regained power supplies from Tyumenenergo, a Siberia-based electricity generator, Friday after the subsidiary pledged to pay 440 million rubles (\$15 million) in debt by Oct. 3."
"IRAKLION, Greece - The only teenager on the U.S. women's soccer team gave the old vets a chance to leave with one last gold..."
Las Vegas - Vitali Klitschko #39;s fight with Danny Williams on Saturday will be the biggest heavyweight clash ever - at least in the ring.
"Samsung today unveiled a small, low-power multimedia memory card (MMC) designed for mobile phones. At just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, Samsung #39;s MMCmicro device is one-third the size of today #39;s common reduced-size multimedia cards."
"NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is rolling out a new version of WebSphere software, using radio frequency identification (RFID) technology and middleware targeting retail operations."
"A proposal to add a new building and about 1,000 jobs to Crown Colony Office Park in Quincy won't create more traffic congestion, the developer and government officials say. Overall, they expect less congestion on city streets."
"British Home Secretary David Blunkett was expected Sunday to reveal proposals for strict anti-terror measures, the BBC reported. The proposals were said to include anti-terror "
"In SAN FRANCISCO/BOSTON story headlined  quot;UPDATE 2-Franklin likely to settle brokerage charges soon quot; please read in 9th paragraph ... In September, an adviser for Newport Beach, California-based Pacific Investment "
"GUWAHATI: Nine bodies were recovered in Assam #39;s Goalpara district on Sunday morning taking the death toll in the current flash floods in the state to 70, official sources said."
"This happened a year ago, after USC capped its regular season with an all-afternoon assault on the Oregon State end zone. Outside the Coliseum, the parents of some Trojans players celebrated "
"The essence of genocide, under international law, is the intentional physical destruction of a group; the intent can be to destroy the group in whole or in substantial part."
"Boeing Co. still expects to receive a contract to build 100 refueling planes for the Air Force, chief executive Harry C. Stonecipher said Monday."
"Alonzo Mourning is back with the New Jersey Nets, but he would rather not stick around. The veteran center, who came out of retirement after a kidney transplant gave him a second chance on life, has asked "
"Wm Morrison has sold 114 small stores acquired with the 3 billion takeover of Safeway, signalling its distaste of the convenience market being pursued by rival supermarket giants."
"AFP - Sudan's government and main rebel group are ready to clinch a final deal to end more than 20 years of war within days of talks resuming next week, spokesman for both sides said, a day before the UN Security Council opens a rare meeting in Nairobi on the country's peace process."
"Syria will withdraw fully from Lebanon only after Israel ends its occupation of all Arab lands, Lebanese Defense Minister Mahmoud Hammoud declared yesterday."
Bragging rights are at best the second-most important thing on the line for No. 12 Michigan when it plays rival Michigan State on Saturday.
"If 2003 was the year for investors to live dangerously, 2004 is fast becoming the year to duck and cover."
"BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - For the first time in three days at the Ryder Cup, there was plenty of red on the scoreboard - as in American red, white and blue..."
"Swedish telecommunications equipment maker Ericsson today reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets."
"With the arrest of six Al Qaeda suspects, law enforcement agencies here claimed to have foiled a plot to blow up key sites, including President #39;s House, military headquarters, the US embassy and parliament, the country #39;s Information Minister Sheikh Rashid "
Dante Ross returned two kickoffs for touchdowns and Bucknell overcame six turnovers in a 35-19 victory over Georgetown on Saturday afternoon.
Nokia said on Tuesday that it plans to enhance its Series 80-based line so that the mobile devices come preloaded with BlackBerry software from Research In Motion.
"SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Akimbo Systems Inc., a startup that plans to deliver video over the Internet to television sets, has signed a deal for mainstream content from Time Warner Inc."
WORLD champion Sebastien Loeb will not be taking it easy on the Rally Catalunya after taking the lead on the first day of the event.
"A CARAVELLE, La Cte Basque and Lutce are gone, as are any last lingering traces of the belief that fine dining really should be French and formal."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices dropped on  Wednesday as the market succumbed to profit-taking after  racking up sizable gains over the past month.
"Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment has signed a deal with Electronic Arts which will see the giant publisher taking on the creation of videogames based on the forthcoming Batman Begins, which is tipped to be one of the biggest movies of next summer."
"For one commander in the militia loyal to Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr, the trip home to Baghdad after a cease-fire was reached in Najaf was just a pit stop."
"She couldn't accept the \$6,000 first-place prize, but no big deal. Paula Creamer had known that going into the tournament. But the free ticket from American Airlines? That was OK -- and quite amusing to the 18-year-old."
"PARIS - French President Jacques Chirac has lashed out at a private initiative to secure the release of two French hostages in Iraq as interference and said he hoped it would not thwart the delicate process, aides said Saturday."
"Tehran - Iran has become the latest country to edge towards ditching the ubiquitous Microsoft computer operating system in favour of the open-source Linux solution, even if its refusal to abide by copyright laws means that the Islamic republic does not "
Oracle is in merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the outcome of its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover attempt for rival PeopleSoft.
"With Toomer a question mark for Sunday, Taylor, a 6th-round draft choice, might start after making his pro debut last week vs. Lions."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Nov 30 (SADA) - Pakistan conducted a test of its nuclear- capable ballistic missile on Monday as part of efforts to boost its defenses, the state-run television reported."
"Reuters - More severe tropical cyclones,\heatwaves and a dramatic shift in rainfall patterns could\batter Asia by the end of the century as its factories boom, a\leading climate expert told Asian chief executives on Friday."
South Africa has moved up a spot on the World Economic Forums Global Competitiveness Index; SA is now 41 out of 104 countries ranked on the basis of competitiveness.
"Mariucci wouldn #39;t name a starter for this week #39;s game at his weekly news conference on Monday, allowing speculation to grow that he might replace Harrington with Mike McMahon."
"Midway through the fourth quarter of the Jets #39; 22-17 loss in Buffalo on Sunday, Chad Pennington went up to Herman Edwards on the sidelines."
"For months, the United States and the rest of the world have danced maddeningly around the semantics of how to describe the situation in the Darfur region of Sudan, calling it everything from a  quot;humanitarian catastrophe quot; to  quot;crimes against humanity."
"Libyan singer Ayman al-Aathar has won a Middle East pop contest, edging out Palestinian Ammar Hassan. The Super Star competition was started by the Lebanese TV station Future Television and is filmed in Beirut."
A coronial inquest begins today into a fatal crocodile attack on a German tourist in Kakadu National Park more than 18 months ago.
"The former Iraqi general known as Chemical Ali, who is accused of using chemical weapons attacks to kill thousands of Kurds, will be the first of Saddam Husseins cohorts to stand trial next week, a government official said today."
"Nagpur: Barely a few minutes after stumps were drawn on the opening day, John Buchanan and Adam Gilchrist walked up to have a first-hand look at the wicket."
"Two members of the Iraqi prime ministers family have been abducted from their Baghdad home, his spokesman confirmed today. Kidnappers claimed to be holding three relatives."
" ATHENS (Reuters) - Calls of ""cut it out"" and ""give it back""  competed with a hot United States-vs.-China medals race  Thursday as the 28th Olympiad in Athens went into its final  days with over 70 medals still to be won."
" ATHENS (Reuters) - With 76 percent of Greek households  owning mobile phones, interest for third-generation services is  rising, the country's statistics service (NSS) said on Monday  based on the findings of a recent survey."
"Nordic countries are leading the way in global economic competitiveness, with Finland topping the World Economic Forum's latest rankings."
"The IBM project at EPA, being performed jointly with prime contractor Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), includes the Grid Toolbox, a collection of open standards-based Grid software from IBM, Red Hat Linux Enterprise 2.1 and Avaki Enterprise "
"Scientists studying the Great Lisbon Quake, which killed 60,000 people 250 years ago, say that the forces that caused it are slowly building up for another violent temblor near Portugal."
"Intel Corp. INTC.O cut prices on its chips for mobile computers by as much as 34 percent this week, a move that could lower PC prices from the likes of Dell Inc."
"STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances weakened slightly but pounded Florida relentlessly with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing residents to withstand a prolonged lashing that shredded roofs and uprooted trees..."
"Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Noriko Anno, four-time world champion, won Japan #39;s sixth judo gold medal Thursday, defeating China #39;s Liu Xia in the women #39;s 78-kilogram class. "
"Australia #39;s inflation rate was contained and gasoline prices may ease in coming months, Treasuer Peter Costello told reporters in Melbourne."
By ELIZABETH M. GILLESPIE     SEATTLE (AP) -- Former Vice President Al Gore touted the promise of stem-cell research for curing debilitating and deadly diseases on Friday - using his pitch to stump for fellow Democrats Christine Gregoire and Dave Ross...
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - UAL Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UALAQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;UALAQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  announced new cuts in employees' salaries as the parent of  United Airlines looks to make \$112 million in annual savings  and emerge from bankruptcy protection."
"The World Trade Organization has authorized seven countries to levy multi-million dollar sanctions on US imports. A spokesman in Geneva Friday said the European Union, India, Japan, South Korea "
"It #39;s now possible to enjoy all the benefits of a full featured QWERTY keyboard in a small wireless device, thanks to Research In Motion #39;s (RIM) new patent-pending SureType keyboard."
"Several major IT vendors have agreed to support the Linux Standard Base 2.0, which establishes a global standard for the open-source operating system."
"Next year, wireless operators will debut ways to share a favorite ring tone. But don't expect a Napster free-for-all."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; will lay off about 5 percent of its work force in an  attempt to cut costs, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Wednesday."
"AP - The way Florida's offense is playing, you'd think Steve Spurrier was coaching the Gators again."
"The tiniest blood vessels of the eye can provide a glimpse that may warn of future high blood pressure, Australian researchers report. That finding comes from a computerized analysis of special camera images of the retina, an experimental technique."
AFP - International peacekeepers in Afghanistan said they had received a tip-off that a  quot;terrorist quot; posing as a cameraman was trying to enter the capital.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American Shawn Crawford won the Athens  Games 200 meters final Thursday in a race delayed five minutes  by chanting and booing from hostile sections of the crowd at  the Olympic stadium.
"The Federation Council, the upper chamber of the Russian parliament, has ratified the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which was signed by Russia in 1997."
SAN FRANCISCOWireless software developers and content producers attending the CTIA Wireless show here say the United States is on the verge of catching up with Europe and Japan in the deployment of the latest wireless technology and content.
"Martha Stewart may soon head to prison, but that likely won #39;t free her namesake company of its troubles, investors and analysts say."
Tech-savvy giant pandas can now pick up their email or browse the web to find a perfect panda partner thanks to the deployment of a campus-wide broadband and wireless network in China #39;s Wolong Nature Reserve.
"Top British government minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday over a charge of abuse of office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s "
"Microsoft is investigating reports of a serious security flaw in Internet Explorer, but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw, the company said today."
"First that team wins that thing, now thisPalmOne (PalmSources biggest customer and maker of the Treo 650) appears it really might be planning to use Microsofts WindowsMobile OS in its Treo line of SmartPhones."
"AP - Woot.com takes an unusual approach in the crowded field of Internet retailing. It sells just one item each weekday, starting at midnight local time in suburban Dallas, where the company is based, until it sells out."
President George W Bush may have boosted his  quot;can-do quot; image when he came to the rescue of one of his bodyguards at an international summit in Chile.
"COOLUM, Australia - Australian Peter Lonard won the Australian PGA Championship by two strokes for his third tournament title in as many weeks on Sunday."
"PC giant unveils consumer electronics strategy, including iPod music player, high-definition TVs and PCs that record television shows. \"
A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain is flying to Baghdad in a desperate attempt secure to release of hostage Kenneth Bigley.
"Growth in manufacturing slowed from the euro zone to Japan in October as strong oil prices and a stuttering global economy took their toll, although British companies performed better, survey data showed."
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc. #39;s (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) Chief Executive Lee Scott is  quot;optimistic quot; about the holiday season and expects a  quot;strong finish quot; to the year, he said on Tuesday."
"AN Australian tribunal today gave the green light to a proposed alliance between Qantas Airways Ltd and Air New Zealand Ltd, even though the airlines are no longer able to pursue the tie-up the way they had planned."
"com October 7, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology."
AP - The Supreme Court said Friday it will consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.
"A Thai-Muslim woman bursts into tears after learning from the list that her family member is listed dead outside a military camp in Pattani province, southern Thailand Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004."
AP - Jerry Rice was scheduled to meet with Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis on Wednesday night to discuss the receiver's future after he said he wants to be traded.
"Jaguar will pull out of Formula One at the end of 2004, with parent company Ford #39;s engine maker Cosworth also up for sale. Ford #39;s bombshell announcement on Friday has huge "
\\I spent today packing up everything I own.  I'm moving into a new apartment in\two weeks and the movers need to have everything in boxes.\\About 60 of the weight from everything I own is due to books.  Probably\equivalent to the weight of one dead tree.\\Its just a data!  Theres no reason to have it in meatspace format!  I can't\compress it!  I can't search it!  I can't create a backup copy!  Books are evil!\\Thats it.  I'm done.  No more.  From here on out I'm only going to own at a\maximum of 20 books (hopefully less).  \\I'm either going to use Safari  or sell the book once I'm finished reading\them.  If there's anything I need I'll just paste it into my personal wiki and\use permalinks. ...\\
"On Friday, PeopleSoft announced the Board of Directors #39; decision to terminate Craig Conway as President and CEO of the Company, effective immediately."
"WHEN Patrick Vieira got back to Arsenal #39;s training ground yesterday, he will not have been shocked to encounter England left back Ashley Cole still shaking with rage."
Using the photosynthesis of spinach to produce electric current.
"Prices of liquid-crystal displays are expected to fall by less than 5 percent in the fourth quarter as the industry expects a surge in demand during the holiday-shopping season, a research firm said Tuesday."
"Ashado, ridden by John Velazquez, won the \$2 million Distaff Race at Lone Star Park Saturday, the first event on the \$14 million eight-race Breeders #39; Cup card."
"November 17, 2004 - Roger Avary who won an Oscar in 1994 for his Pulp Fiction screenplay is suing Microsoft and ResponDesign Inc. over Yourself!"
"Are we ever sick of talking on the phone. (Sorry, Mom!) After trying out six VoIP services on both cable and DSL lines, on workdays and weekends, while surfing the Web or staring at the "
"Not too long ago, I was trying to meet up with friends at an outdoor concert in the park. We had chosen a really good, well-marked meeting place--which dozens of other people and their closest friends were "
"England captain David Beckham is expected back in Madrid on Wednesday and will be able to resume light training despite cracking a rib, the Real Madrid website said on Sunday."
"AP - Schwarzenegger for president in 2008? No, he's not eligible."
"KABUL, Afghanistan - On the eve of Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election, Muslim clerics urged Friday worshippers to embrace democracy, election workers scurried to ready voting booths and 100,000 troops went on high alert across the country.    In Peshawar, Pakistan late Friday, armed men wounded one police officer at a refugee camp polling site just hours before the Afghan refugees were to vote, police said..."
"Manny Ramirez said in the spring that he'd love to win a Most Valuable Player award, but he knows better than to pin his hopes on it, regardless of how well he plays."
"Google, the world #39;s most popular search engine plans to transform the trip to the library into a trip to the nearest computer."
"A US aircraft dropped a half-ton(500 lb) bomb on the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Saturday after guerrillas attacked a US patrol that was trying to capture an insurgent arms dump, a military spokesman said."
Hurricane Ivan has left a trail of destroyed homes and wrecked lives across the Caribbean and parts of the United States. Julia Botfield visited the island of Grenada for BBC Breakfast TV to see how the inhabitants 
"The launch of the Russian spacecraft carrying a replacement crew for the international space station was delayed for the second time in two weeks Tuesday, raising questions about whether "
"Astana - Seoul, November. 12 KAZINFORM -- A ranking South Korean official on Friday argued it was too early to assume the country will be referred to the UN Security Council for its past nuclear experiments."
AP - Herman Edwards believes not giving Quincy Carter a second chance would be a crime.
" HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one and defending champion  Roger Federer won an epic 20-18 tie-break to seal a 6-3, 7-6  win over Marat Safin on Saturday and place in the Masters Cup  final."
Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
Gazprom has spun a web of control over energy supplies extending from Estonia on the Baltic Sea to Bulgaria on the Black Sea.
"RENO -- Jared Zabransky passed for 244 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 10 Boise State past Nevada, 58-21, last night and keep the unbeaten Broncos' hopes alive for a spot in the BCS with their 22d straight win."
MOSCOW -- President Vladimir V. Putin depicts rebels in Chechnya as part of the international terrorist threat spearheaded by Al Qaeda. But analysts say the Chechen insurgency remains largely a nationalist movement aimed at winning independence from Russia.
"AP - Concerns about funding and poor attendance will not stop plans to bring a dinosaur exhibit to Science City at Union Station, University of Kansas and Science City officials said."
An aide to Yasser Arafat said yesterday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition was improving after treatment by doctors in Paris.
"Microsoft Corp will ship the next version of Windows in 2006. To get  #39;Longhorn #39; shipped on time, Microsoft had to sacrifice a key component of the system, called WinFS, reported China Radio International Saturday."
"Tired of blaring TV sets at shops, bars and waiting rooms? A new universal remote called the TV-B-Gone lets users turn off virtually any set. A trial run in the streets of San Francisco shows the device to be quite effective. By Steven Bodzin."
Mourners were preparing on Sunday for the first funerals of more than 330 hostages killed in Russia #39;s school hostage siege as a top local official reportedly resigned over the crisis.
"ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast - Ivory Coast forces will immediately pull back from front lines, the presidential spokesman said Sunday, after a day of clashes with French peacekeepers that left the West African nation #39;s air force in shreds."
"AP - Gunmen shot and killed a senior official from the mainstream Palestinian Fatah party Tuesday in the Balata refugee camp, party officials said."
"LONDON - Despite a recent plunge in oil prices, Opec producers appear to be in no rush to cut output quotas and markets expect the taps to be left wide open when ministers meet in Cairo this week."
"One thing you have to give Team Czech Republic, they #39;re not boring and they certainly keep you guessing about what they are going to do next."
"AP - Terrell Owens caught Donovan McNabb's long pass in stride, raced into the end zone, put his hands on his hips, stared at the crowd and nodded his head."
"Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) filed seven lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually explicit "
AFP - National Basketball Association players union leaders met with an arbitrator to have suspensions from a brawl between players and fans reduced but league officials did not participate.
"A man charged in one of the largest identity theft scams in US history pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy, wire fraud, and fraud in connection with identity documents this week."
"Belfast used to be a place where you dreaded walking past an abandoned car on a lonely street for fear it might blow up. These days, Belfast is a bustling city "
"Systems biologists are pushing the envelope of preventive medicine through research centered on the interactions of the thousands of pieces of DNA, RNA and proteins that network together in each cell of our body. By Rowan Hooper."
"Houston's Kris Brown caps a Texans rally by nailing a 50-yard field goal with 2 seconds left for a 24-21 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs, dropping the defending AFC West champs to 0-3."
"Outgoing Kmart chief executive Julian Day is getting about \$90 million in stock options for his leadership at the discount chain, which emerged from bankruptcy in May."
"A PeopleSoft director testified on Tuesday that he would be open to considering Oracle's \$7.7 billion offer. But, PeopleSoft executives said the company remains opposed."
"Kabul, Afghanistan -- An Afghan electoral board spokesman says Hamid Karzai is the winner of that country #39;s landmark presidential election."
"The company gets a boost from its Lightspan acquisition, but will future growth be slow?"
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Donovan McNabb threw three of his four touchdown passes to Terrell Owens as the Philadelphia Eagles pasted the Dallas Cowboys 49-21 victory at Texas Stadium on Monday.
"One of the new handsets invokes Garbo, according to the Finnish phone giant. Another is described as ""sleek and sexy."""
"Pakistan and India held a second day of talks on Wednesday to agree on steps to avert misunderstandings over their nuclear arsenals, a Pakistani official said."
AP - The ATP Tour will supply players with nutritional supplements checked by a WADA-affiliated laboratory starting next season.
"General Motors #39; loss-making European division is to cut 12,000 jobs in a bid to save \$665m (347m) annually. The redundancies will affect a fifth of its workforce, with 10,000 positions going at Opel plants in Germany."
Reuters - Internet auction house eBay Inc.\said on Wednesday it would limit the use of racial slurs after\U.S. city officials complained the offensive terms were being\used to advertise lawn jockeys and other antiques.
"Expressing impatience with the Securities and Exchange Commission, lawmakers said in a hearing yesterday that they will act to force stronger oversight of the influential credit rating business if the agency doesn't soon move on its own."
"AP - The California Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate Park held a one-of-a-kind yard sale Sunday, offering rock-bottom prices on everything from antique wooden incubators to six-foot-tall prehistoric bird replicas."
"&lt;a href=""http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/bus/stories/110304dnbusnokia.a233e.html""&gt;Nokia plans wave of camera phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Dallas Morning News (subscription)&lt;/nobr&gt;"
The impending attack could decentralize the Iraqi insurgency and increase the risk of violence during elections.
"A THAI woman was yesterday diagnosed with bird flu after her sister and niece died with symptoms of the virus, raising the possibility that the illness had passed from human-to-human for the first time."
AP - A new study shows that golf courses can be good homes for more than one kind of birdie.
A massive suicide car bomb blast on the outskirts of of the Iraqi city of Fallujah killed seven US marines in the deadliest attack on Americans since May.
Open-source database to jump from beta testing to production within three months.
"US pay TV firm Comcast is set to roll out set-top boxes featuring Microsoft software, in a crucial test for Microsoft's cable TV ambitions."
Newcastle boss Graeme Souness has tipped Patrick Kluivert to re-establish himself as one of Europes top strikers after watching him help to dismantle Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin.
"Goldman cuts No. 1 retailer #39;s rating to  quot;in-line quot; from  quot;outperform quot; on heels of weak November sales. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world #39;s biggest retailer, suffered another blow to its star "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Children's Place Retail Stores Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PLCE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PLCE.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it will buy Walt Disney Co.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; chain of North American retail stores and pledged to  invest \$100 million in them."
"Once again, Iran has sent out a clear signal that it intends to become a nuclear power, presenting President George W. Bush or his successor with the next major foreign policy dilemma."
"Away from the ocean, in the Florida Panhandle's interior, the imprint of Hurricane Ivan not only was visible on Friday but also hung pungently in the air."
AP - Lindsay Whalen matched her career-high with 21 points and the Connecticut Sun beat the Washington Mystics 80-70 Monday night to even the best-of-three WNBA Eastern Conference semifinal.
"REDWOOD SHORES, Calif.Wi-Fi access provider iPass Inc. has tightened its grip on the business traveler market with a newly announced partnership with Connexion by Boeing that will give iPass enterprise "
"MARKHAM, Ont., Sept. 16 - IBM Canada has announced a suite of services to speed the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial companies and mid-market businesses."
"Russian President Vladimir Putin today wrapped up his three-day visit to India. On his last day, he visited the country #39;s second largest software exporter Infosys Technologies in of Bangalore."
"Carlyle Group , among the biggest buyers of private companies, is busily expanding its corporate loan operation."
"BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- In Northern Ireland, hopes of reviving stalled talks between nationalist and unionist political parties have been dealt a blow by an Irish Republican Army refusal to deliver photographic proof of disarmament."
"DETROIT -- Free agent Troy Percival and Detroit agreed Wednesday on a \$12 million, two-year contract, giving the Tigers two closers for their bullpen."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks extended their losses on  Wednesday after investment bank Morgan Stanley said quarterly  profit fell, casting doubt on corporate earnings growth, while  a brokerage downgrade on Cisco Systems Inc. hurt tech stocks."
"Randy Johnson was on the verge of joining the New York Yankees in a three-team, megadeal that also includes Shawn Green and Javier Vazquez, a source told The Associated Press on Thursday night."
Rescuers in the Philippines today pulled at least four survivors from a building that collapsed in mudslides ten days ago. The four survived by drinking  quot;any kind of liquid that 
"(AP) -- NASA's chief is urging his Hubble Space Telescope team to press ahead with plans for a robotic repair mission to the aging observatory, saying, ""Let's go save the Hubble.""    Administrator Sean O'Keefe says he will ask Congress for money to accomplish the job. He estimates it will take about \$1 billion to \$1.6 billion to develop and launch a robot to make the needed upgrades to keep the popular telescope running and to get it out of orbit once its work is through..."
New deal between the two companies is another sign of the wireless industry's focus on the W-CDMA standard.
A judge in the Michael Jackson child molestation case refuses to reduce the singer's \$3m (1.67m) bail.
"Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an\insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping\probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters on\Friday."
A controversial referendum on legislation that would give Albanians greater autonomy gets under way in Macedonia.
"South Korea will provide \$21 million in long-term low rate loans to Vietnam to help the Southeast Asian nation build an advanced environmental infrastructure, according to the Ministry of Finance and Economy."
"Although they met four times in the regular season, the Los Angeles Galaxy and Colorado Rapids don #39;t know each other that well heading into their first-round playoff "
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Shares of leading automakers closed on a positive note Thursday, one day after General Motors and Ford Motor posted soggy sales results for August and announced plans to scale back production."
"UK Prime Minister Tony Blair said he warmly congratulated #39; #39; US President George W. Bush on winning a second term, and urged him to revitalize the Middle East peace process."
"NESTLE SA, the world #39;s biggest food and drink company, posted a modest 2 per cent increase in profits for the first half of the year as it faced such challenges as higher prices for raw materials like milk and coffee as well as cooler temperatures, which ..."
"British companies plan to hire more new employees in the first three months of next year compared with plans made for the first quarter of this year, employment agency Manpower says."
AP - A court on Friday ordered that former President Rafael Calderon be jailed for nine months as investigators probe corruption allegations.
AP - Forget a Global Positioning System or even a map. The Earth's own original satellite is the most important guide for two hikers making the first known continuous trek of the nation's western coastline.
US President George W Bush today sketched out the agenda for his second term in office vowing to carry on the fight against terrorim and reach out to allies divided by the war in Iraq.
Eleven Lithuanians are charged with masterminding what is believed to be Europe's biggest euro forgery operation.
"Auto parts maker Intermet Corp. (INMT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, citing a record rise "
"For the millions of  people who cannot afford high-speed Internet access, some local officials think they've hit on the answer: Build government-owned networks to provide service at rates below what big telecommunications companies charge."
"Hoping to prevent the loss of children, a few schools have begun monitoring student movements using technology similar to that used to track livestock and retail shipments."
"Britain honored their Olympic and Paralympic medalists with a ticker-tape parade through the center of London on Monday. During the two-mile procession, 47 Olympic medalists "
HONG KONG -- A Hong Kong appeals court cleared some convictions yesterday against 16 Falun Gong followers for protesting outside China's liaison office but upheld more serious verdicts in a case seen as a test of this territory's freedoms under Chinese rule.
"AP - Pro-Beijing media launched a scathing attack Friday on a report alleging human rights violations ahead of Hong Kong's weekend election, and a Chinese official lashed out at the ""wicked"" watchdog group that prepared it."
ATi presenta la scheda PCI Express ALL-IN-WONDER X600 PRO. La scheda sar disponibile il prossimo mese in Europa e Nord America ed  adatta a chi vuole fare del computer una piattaforma multimediale e non solo adatta agli ultimi games in commercio.
The outgoing Indonesian President's unwillingness to accept defeat has held up a peaceful transition
" KANNAPOLIS, N.C. (Reuters) - After a more than a century of  churning out towels, sheets and bedspreads for American homes,  there's no future for textiles in this self-proclaimed ""city of  looms,"" and many other North Carolina towns fear the same fate."
"Reuters - Todd Walker homered, had three hits\and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 12-5 win\over the Cincinnati Reds in National League play at Wrigley\Field on Monday."
"NewsFactor - Its cost is low, it delivers enterprise-level functionality, and it spares a company the ordeal of a time-consuming implementation project."
"Seventh-seed Taylor Dent of the United States advanced with a 6-3, 6-4 over Tomas Zib of the Czech Republic in second-round action at the Japan Open tennis tournament in Tokyo."
"Yum Brands (YUM) reported third-quarter earnings Tuesday that beat Wall Street expectations by a penny. The fast-food mogul also upped its full-year profit forecast by two cents, citing robust results from its KFC chain in China."
"Most investors envy Jack R. Meyer with his double-digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come."
"Mars Express takes its most detailed image yet of the Red Planet's largest moon, Phobos."
"Apple Computer Inc. on Wednesday encouraged users of its iTunes jukebox software to upgrade to the latest version, available from the company #39;s Web site."
"FAISALABAD: Pakistan took a slender first innings lead over Sri Lanka at end of the second day #39;s play in the first Test. The home side reached 256-8, 13 ahead, after Sri Lanka earlier lost their last three wickets for 10 in Faisalabad."
CTO envisions Intel-based servers acting as network nodes to reduce strain of millions of new devices and users.
A total of 32 people were killed in Thursday night #39;s (Oct 7) terror attacks on two Sinai holiday resorts frequented by Israelis: 29 at the Taba Hilton and three at Ras a-Satan.
ALASTAIR FORSYTH is today pondering over the loose shots that saw the Volvo Masters slip from his grasp at Valderrama. The Paisley golfer had gone into the final round with a three- stroke lead but a poor 
UAL (UALAQ.OB:OTC BB - news - research) and US Airways (UAIRQ.OB:OTC BB - news - research) weighed in with hefty third-quarter losses Thursday as industry overcapacity and stratospheric fuel prices continued to generate red ink while the carriers operated 
"The US poverty rate rose, incomes stagnated, and more Americans went without health insurance last year, even though economic growth surged, according to Census Bureau data released yesterday."
"LONDON: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho insists there will be no love lost when he comes face to face with Porto, the Champions League winners he quit."
"AP - Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, one of the scientists involved in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died Tuesday in London. He was 88."
Printed symbols called SpotCodes can help cellphones with cameras find their way around cyberspace.
"Reuters - Gunmen held hundreds of children\and adults captive in a school gym into the night in turbulent\southern Russia Thursday, but the Kremlin remained silent about\an attack which amounted to a huge humiliation."
"Technology India  gt; Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, Sep 26 : Work on designing country #39;s ambitious unmanned lunar mission  #39;Chandrayan #39; was over, ISRO Chairman Madhavan Nair said here today."
Blunkett had final say on legality of request
JL Lewis produced a dazzling 10-under-par 62 to grab a two-shot lead after the opening round of the \$4.2 million Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Thursday.
"(CBS/AP) The Labor Department said Friday that employers #39; payrolls increased by 96,000 overall in September while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.4 percent."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator J.C. Penney  Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JCP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a second-quarter profit,  reversing a year-earlier loss, helped by inventory controls and  strong department store sales."
Police will talk to referee Mike Riley before Manchester United #39;s home game with Arsenal on Sunday to try to avoid crowd trouble.
"AP - Willie Randolph is guaranteed  #36;1,875,000 under his three-year contract with the New York Mets, one of the richest deals for a first-year manager."
Researchers expose differences in brain activity between people who fib and those who don't. Brain scans reveal that it really is easier to tell the truth.
"Germany and the United States have agreed on a proposal to write off as much as 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt, Germany #39;s finance minister said Saturday, following a months-long US push for debt forgiveness."
Antonio Daniels #39; driving 8-foot shot with 7.2 seconds left gave the Seattle SuperSonics an 88-87 victory over the Toronto Raptors tonight.
"Sun has agreed to purchase Ashburn, Va., IT services company SevenSpace, the companies announced Monday. With the purchase, Sun takes a further step away from its traditional focus on supporting only its Solaris "
"US stocks gained after PeopleSoft Inc. agreed to be bought by Oracle Corp. and Honeywell International Inc. made a UK purchase, signaling that companies are optimistic about the economy #39;s prospects."
" TORONTO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court upheld  a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device  maker Research In Motion Ltd. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RIM.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RIM.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday, but said  part of the earlier court ruling was flawed and sent the case  back to a lower court."
"Second of three parts URAMO BEACH, Nigeria -- It was just a shack made of cardboard and bamboo."
The 13th-ranked Terps ran No.25 Memphis into submission 84-61 in the Basketball Hall of Fame Tip-Off Classic at Springfield Civic Center.
"com. With less than one week to go until the release of the final BCS standings, USC and Oklahoma are all but assured of going to the Orange Bowl if they both win their final games Saturday "
The University of Missouri Board of Curators today voted unanimously to rename the former Paige Sports Arena on the Columbia campus to Mizzou Arena.
Clemson and South Carolina will turn down bids to play in postseason bowl games after both teams fought during their game on Saturday.
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Fannie Mae used improper accounting  to steady its earnings from quarter to quarter, federal  regulators have told the top mortgage finance company, setting  the stage for the industry's second bookkeeping drama in less  than 18 months."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; has been awarded  an \$891.6 million U.S. Air Force contract modification for  continued maintenance of the C-17 Globemaster III transport  fleet, the Pentagon said Friday."
"US consumers bought only 29,000 more new cars and trucks in October than they did last year, but the companies expect sales to flourish now that the divisive and distracting US presidential race is over."
"AP - One's dubbed ""the demolition man,"" a low and high explosives expert. The other's known for his skills in recruiting suicide bombers for the deadliest al-Qaida-linked terrorist attacks in Southeast Asia that have killed westerners and Muslims alike."
"Trying to comprehend how Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James can be so good, so young. On Saturday night at Gund Arena, James became the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 points for his career."
Michael Robinson and Penn State assistant coach Bill Kenney returned to State College on Sunday after Robinson was held overnight at the University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics following Penn State #39;s 16-3 loss to the Badgers.
The longtime relationship between Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Michael Eisner and ex-Disney President Michael Ovitz underwent a  quot;slow deterioration quot; beginning in early 1996 that eventually lead to Ovitz #39;s 
"An unknown Chechen rebel group called the Black Widows organised the siege of a school in the Russian city of Beslan in which hundreds of children, their parents and teachers were killed."
THE French government remained tight-lipped today about the fate of two French journalists abducted over a month ago in Iraq as the release of up to 10 hostages there raised fresh hopes that they could be freed.
"Red Hat Inc. on Saturday warned users of an e-mail scam designed to plant malicious code on users #39; systems. The malicious e-mail poses as a security update from the vendor, a technique "
"Shane Hamman proved once again last night that he's the strongest man in America, adding to his legacy by breaking two of his US records."
"Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Los Angeles Kings president Tim Leiweke was fined an undisclosed amount by NHL commissioner Gary Bettman for radio comments he made last week regarding the league #39;s labor situation."
Todd Woodbridge ruled out any thoughts of retirement after his quest for back-to-back US Open men #39;s doubles titles ended with a third-round defeat at Flushing Meadows today.
"USATODAY.com - Video games are so popular that even books about them are selling well. Hint-filled strategy guides now can sell more than 1 million copies, and long-awaited games are being given the kind of ""making of"" treatment typically bestowed on blockbuster movies."
Ryder Cup rookie Chris Riley sinks a six-foot putt on the final hole to avoid a European sweep of the four best-ball matches and provide a precious half-point for the U.S. side.
"Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Bryce Molder and Tim Wilkinson each fired rounds of seven-under-par 64 on Thursday to share the lead during the suspended first round of the Miccosukee Championship."
" SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Bosnia's main Muslim, Serb and Croat  nationalist parties were ahead in local polls, partial results  showed on Sunday, but voter turnout fell below 50 percent for  the first time."
"Economists are betting that the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates to 1.75 on Tuesday, the third rise this year."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - The Arab news network Al-Jazeera showed footage Thursday of 10 new hostages seized in Iraq by militants.    Al-Jazeera said the 10 - six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian women - were taken by The Islamic Army in Iraq..."
Indiana defends its NCAA men's soccer title by edging UC Santa Barbara in penalty kicks on Sunday.
UNITED NATIONS: The director of the UN nuclear watchdog agency said on Monday that North Korea posed a serious challenge to attempts to limit nuclear weapons in the world and Iran should suspend uranium enrichment activities.
"Washington's baseball team begins to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with the team."
We should all have such luck: Bobby Britton won \$4 million playing the Massachusetts State Lottery and wants to get a second opinion on what to do.
AP - Philip Rivers just got a lot closer to taking his first snap with the woeful San Diego Chargers.
"AP - The American-Russian crew manning the international space station will redock a spaceship later this month in preparation for spacewalks planned for next year, Russian Mission Control said Friday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Omnicom Group &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;OMC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a quarterly profit that outpaced Wall Street  expectations as the No. 1 advertising group added high-profile  accounts and benefited from increased global ad spending."
"Michael D. Eisner, who has spent much of the last year fending off challenges to his two-decade reign at the Walt Disney Company, has announced "
AC Milan and Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko has been named European Footballer of the Year. Barcelona #39;s Deco and Ronaldinho were second and third with Arsenal striker Thierry Henry fourth.
"Shiite cleric Ayatollah Ali Hussien al-Sistani has begun a trip to the city of Najaf to help bring an end to the fighting there. Once he arrives, he plans to lead a peace march."
"NEW DELHI Ahead of crucial peace talks with Pakistan, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India is scheduled to visit Kashmir on Wednesday in a diplomatic offensive after pledging to cut the number of troops deployed in that strife-torn region."
"Tata group company Videsh Sanchar Nigam and global networking major Cisco Systems Inc on Tuesday signed a Rs 500 crore (Rs 5 billion) agreement to deploy broadband metro Ethernet solution, that will offer broadband services at less than Rs 1,000 per month "
"SYDNEY: Australian Prime Minister John Howard, a key US ally and supporter of the Iraq war, resoundingly beat centre-left opposition Labour at a national election yesterday to win a fourth straight term in office."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology executives are  increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although  plans for increased technology spending remain modest,  according to a study released on Monday."
ARSENE WENGER insisted Arsenal were over last season #39;s nightmare Champions League start after edging out PSV at Highbury. An own goal by Brazilian defender Alex in the 41st minute was enough to give the Frenchman three points.
"HD DVD is gaining momentum with Hollywood studios. Several studios have announced their intentions to go with the Toshiba format, among them New Line Cinema, Paramount "
England captain David Beckham has denied reports that he plans to retire from international soccer after the 2006 World Cup and says his aim is to beat the appearance 
": MOJAVE, United States (AFP - A private manned rocketship blasted through the Earth #39;s atmosphere into space after a hair-raising corkscrew ascent on a flight aimed at capturing a 10-million-dollar prize."
Iran and its European partners struggled to salvage their agreement committing Tehran to freeze an important part of its nuclear program.
"Card game's popularity is fanned by a combination of television, technology and, for some, the allure of big money. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"A kidnapped American journalist was released, even as Moktada al-Sadr's militia engaged in heavy fighting in Najaf."
"About one million customers remained without power in Florida early Tuesday after Hurricane Jeanne tore through the state over the weekend, according to two of Florida #39;s largest utilities."
PC World - The one-time World Class Product of the Year PDA gets a much-needed upgrade.
"Kevin Costner #39;s Water World might have bombed at the box office, but the real stuff is all set to force-grab world attention. The most comprehensive scientific report to date on global warming conducted by "
" LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's record-breaking rally lifted U.S.  crude beyond \$52 a barrel on Wednesday, fueled by the impact of  Hurricane Ivan on U.S. winter inventories."
"Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station #39;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas and replaced a worn-out piece of cooling equipment."
"No. 5-ranked Bears roar back after stale first half, keep hopes of dream season very real. By Dave NewhouseSTAFF WRITER. SEATTLE -- This was a migraine weekend for top-10 teams as No."
Nigeria #39;s President Olusegun Obasanjo warned Sudan to move more quickly to disarm the feared Janjaweed militia and called for African Union peacekeepers to be sent to Darfur.
The government offered tax concessions to exporters and proposed the creation of free trade zones in a plan unveiled Tuesday aimed at doubling India #39;s share of global trade in five years.
"GOTEMBA, Shizuoka Pref. (Kyodo) European Ryder Cup star Darren Clarke shot a solid 4-under-par 68 to capture his first victory of the season at the Mitsui-Sumitomo Visa Taiheiyo Masters on Sunday."
"GAZA CITY - The Palestinian death toll during an Israeli army incursion in Khan Yunis refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip has risen to nine, Palestinian medical sources said."
"BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Miami (Ohio) football coach Terry Hoeppner reportedly has accepted the head coaching job at Indiana. The Bloomington Herald-Times quotes sources close to the IU program as saying that "
"NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- A phantom penalty and a nine-yard touchdown catch by Eddie Kennison on Monday night lifted the Kansas City Chiefs past the Tennessee Titans, 49-38."
Some game makers are trying to get players to expand their horizons by reflecting on news events in games
Crude oil fell more than \$1 for the first time in a month after reaching a record \$54.45 a barrel in New York on speculation that demand doesn #39;t warrant prices at this level.
"Sudan is allowing armed pro-government groups to operate at least 16 militia camps in the western region of Darfur, a human rights group claims."
Australia #39;s 13 million voters have begun choosing a new government with the opposition Labor Party pinning any hope of victory on a late surge of  quot;undecideds quot; swinging their way.
"IBM's personal computer business racked up \$965 million in losses between Jan. 1, 2001, and June 30, 2004, the company said last week in a filing to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, detailing the planned sale of the business to China's Lenovo Group."
Chelsea moved into the fourth round of the Carling Cup thanks to Mateja Kezman #39;s first goal for the club. But there were unpleasant scenes towards the end of this closely fought contest when the 
" LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on  Wednesday in generally subdued trade, with some focus on the  day's economic numbers."
" CAIRO (Reuters) - Top OPEC producer Saudi Arabia on  Wednesday questioned the need for OPEC oil producers to rein in  supply, saying the kingdom would keep crude output at current  high levels as long as customers wanted it."
"After Arsenal were held to a 1-1 draw by Panathinaikos at Highbury on Tuesday night, captain leaving them three points behind Group E leaders PSV Eindhoven with two games left to play, captain Patrick Vieira said:  quot;A draw is better than nothing."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media buyer Universal McCann on Monday  raised its forecast for global advertising spending in 2005,  citing growing marketing battles in industries such as autos  and drugs, but slightly cut its outlook for U.S. ad spending."
"If the government required deeper cuts in air pollution from power plants, at least 3,000 lives would be saved and 140,000 children would avoid asthma and other respiratory ailments, an environmental group said Tuesday."
"Oracle raised its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft by 14 percent yesterday, aiming to bring a resolution to the long-running takeover battle between the foes."
"Raymond Cunningham, the former chief executive of Invesco Funds Group, agreed to pay \$500,000 to settle lawsuits over improper mutual fund trading, his lawyers said yesterday."
" BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission dragged  Germany to court on Wednesday over a law that shields carmaking  icon Volkswagen AG from hostile takeovers, the culmination of a  long battle to break down barriers to foreign investment."
SRINAGAR: Illegal fencing by India of Line of Control in Kashmir has been going in violation of agreements and most of the projected work is reportedly nearing completion.
Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead two Gaza Strip\militants Sunday hours after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed\to expand a huge offensive that has killed at least 49\Palestinians in an attempt to stop rocket fire.
"AFP - Cambodia has moved closer towards selecting a new monarch to replace abdicated King Norodom Sihanouk, with the country's Senate approving a bill needed to appoint his successor."
"THE spammed can now hit back at the spammers with new software from Lycos called Make Love, Not Spam. The software sits on your PC and when the machine is not in use, it generates traffic on the sites of known "
Northern Ireland #39;s political leaders gather at Hillsborough Castle today in a bid to breathe fresh life into the peace process.
LAUREN JACKSON will start her quest for a first WNBA title in the United States this morning (AEST) with a heavy heart after saying farewell to her  quot;precious nan quot; 10 days ago from Seattle.
\Fifty mini-satellites are to be sent into space in 2007 to celebrate the launch of the first ever satellite Sputnik 1.
"Morningstar Inc., the firm that millions of investors rely on to rate the performance of mutual funds, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission for failing to properly correct inaccurate data it published about a mutual fund."
"Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The fatal stabbing of a young man trying to eject unwanted party guests from his family home, the third such knifing in just weeks, has police worried about a potentially fatal holiday recipe: teens, alcohol and knives."
"Kraft Foods last night posted a 3.8 drop in quarterly profit, weighed down by higher marketing spend and increased costs for cheese, coffee and other materials."
"Infosyncworld has a preview of Sony #39;s new CLIE PEG-VZ90 PDA which features an OLED display.  quot; Its first new handheld is the CLIE PEG-VZ90, which also manages to take the crown as the first mainstream handheld "
"USATODAY.com - Bolstered by its fast-growing wireless business, Sprint reported solid third-quarter results Tuesday that beat Wall Street's expectations by 3 cents a share. Sprint also took a  #36;3.5 billion charge to write down network equipment that's been rendered obsolete."
"Tim Brown left the building in August. Rich Gannon headed out the active-player door Monday, and today Jerry Rice will have his traveling shoes on."
"Reuters - After three years of playing down\expectations, General Electric Chief Executive Jeff Immelt has\delivered on the most important promise of his tenure by\telling analysts and investors exactly what they wanted to\hear: GE is back."
"The Belgians must be proud. The reinstated and, looking at the new Bus Stop chicane, one might say reincarnated Spa proved its worth on Sunday with an enthralling, magnificently dramatic race - certainly the best of the year so far."
"On one island visited by Sinbad during his travels, he found a giant bird with the wingspan of a whale, while Odysseus, according to Homer, discovered an island race of one-eyed giants who ate humans."
Australian swimmer Brooke Hanson will be chasing her sixth gold medal at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis later this morning.
"AP - Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night. The Lakers blew a 22-point lead they held in the third quarter, but still managed to give Tomjanovich a win over his former team."
"Two-time All-Star Ray Boone, patriarch of a three-generation baseball family, died early Sunday following a long illness. He was 81."
roundup \Linux shapes up as a software standard for cell phone networks. Also: California sees security in open source.
"Long, long, long after the Argentineans were still on the floor -- shirts off, tears replacing the sweat on their bodies, celebrating in a manner the hated Americans would have "
"Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, may eliminate hundreds of jobs at its securities unit to lower costs that are among the highest on Wall Street, people familiar with the matter said."
"Last week, for example, the Rainier Valley mother mailed her payment check to the bank before Sept. 1, knowing that the Postal Service probably would deliver it in a couple of days."
"The MSN Music site, now in public preview and set for its full-featured debut in mid-October, instantly makes Microsoft a major player in the field, although the store has a decidedly me-too feel about it right now."
"MOJAVE, California -- SpaceShipOne made history Monday and triumphed in the international Ansari X Prize race to launch the first privately built spacecraft."
(Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels try to make it three straight wins this evening when they start a three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium. 
"A huge sweep for online fraud and other Internet-related crimes netted 53 convictions and another 103 arrests, the Justice Department announced."
AP - The Americans have the big names. The Europeans have the luck of the Irish.
"Sudan said it had imprisoned some Darfur militia and police for crimes including rape, the first admission that government security forces have committed human rights abuses there, a Khartoum daily said on Sunday."
"Three Irishmen convicted of training rebels in Colombia have fled the country, its attorney general tells Reuters."
"Defending champion Andy Roddick kept the home flag flying at the US Open on Friday, but it was a bad day for his compatriots as only two American men reached the "
"French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie warned Monday that without the stabilizing presence of foreign peacekeepers, the Ivory Coast risked erupting into bloodshed akin to "
"EILAT (Israel) - Thousands of frightened Israeli tourists rushed back home yesterday, streaming into Eilat just across the border, after the deadly hotel bombing in Taba, Egypt."
WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Maurice Ager scored 13 points to lead 11th-ranked Michigan State to a 66-60 win over George Mason in the consolation game of the BB amp;T Classic from the MCI Center.
"AP - Red Sox fans waited 85 years to celebrate this moment. After so many disappointing Octobers, it was finally Boston's turn to enjoy a World Series victory."
"A man in Thailand has died of avian flu, the first human casualty in the country since the disease re-emerged in Asia in July, officials said Thursday."
"The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run."
"JOHANNESBURG, SOUTH AFRICA - The son of Margaret Thatcher, the former British prime minister, was arrested Wednesday by South African police and charged with illegally helping to finance a failed coup in March against Equatorial Guinea #39;s authoritarian "
VfB Stuttgart coach Matthias Sammer hosts his former charges Borussia Dortmund on Saturday and believes Kevin Kuranyi will be back to inflict further pain on the visitors.
MADRID (AFP) - Spanish national team coach Luis Aragones faces a formal investigation after Spain #39;s Football Federation decided to open disciplinary proceedings over racist comments about Thierry Henry of France and Arsenal.
"KABUL -- President Hamid Karzai chose the third anniversary yesterday of the Sept. 11 attacks on the United States to launch his election manifesto and to effectively dismiss a powerful governor, hours after pledging to rein in regional clan leaders."
POLAND produced a stunning comeback to deny departing Wales manager Mark Hughes a happy send-off at the Millennium Stadium today. The home side dominated the first-half and Robbie Savage finally unlocked the 
"NEW YORK In a memorable match that featured quality tennis and controversy, Jennifer Capriati outlasted Serena Williams, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4, in a US Open quarterfinal."
"AP - A large explosion hit central Baghad on Wednesday close to a convention center where a key national gathering of political, religious and civic leaders entered its final day."
"ATHENS  Michael Phelps certainly will not beat Mark Spitz #39;s record seven Olympic swimming gold medals in Munich in 1972, but the American youngster is still racking up the gold in Athens. "
"Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza on Tuesday as they approached a border fence with a bomb, an army spokesman and Palestinian security sources said."
"Steelers broadcaster and Terrible Towel creator Myron Cope may be 75 years old, but he's still quick of wit and has the gumption to go toe-to-toe with Daniel Snyder."
"TORONTO - A few years back, Zhang Yimou was a bit miffed that fellow filmmaker Ang Lee was faster on the draw in elevating the martial-arts epic to serious cinema. But now that Lee's ""Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon"" has broken the genre into the mainstream among Western audiences, Zhang is happy to follow his lead..."
"PeopleSoft finally gave in yesterday and accepted a \$10.3bn (5.4bn) takeover proposal from its larger rival Oracle, ending a pursuit that has lasted 18 months and has been marked by bitter personal insults and a series of courtroom battles."
"Although blogs like Daily Kos have demonstrated some possibilities of the medium, political candidates haven't bought into them, and probably won't anytime soon. By Daniel Terdiman."
"MG Rover is about to seal a 1bn agreement to help build 200,000 cars a year in China."
"Three days after the tragedy of Beslan ended, we sat for over three and a half hours with Vladimir Putin. Between picking up the pieces of the worst Russian terror attack to date and planning "
Argentina #39;s David Nalbandian booked his place in the final of the Swiss Open for the third successive year on Saturday. The fourth-seed saw off Olympic gold medal winner Nicolas Massu of Chile 6-3 6-4 in the semi-final.
 PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Board Governor  Susan Schmidt Bies on Monday said the latest batch of U.S.  economic figures showed the economy has gotten past its  mid-year soft patch.
" GATUMBA, Burundi (Reuters) - Mourners covered their faces  to block the smell of disinfectant and death Monday as they  buried more than 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees burned, hacked  and shot in an attack on their camp in western Burundi."
"AP - Argentina's Guillermo Canas beat Tommy Haas of Germany 6-4, 6-3 Saturday to advance to the final of the CA Trophy."
The revamped ACC is one of the top football conferences in the country. But scheduling a non-BCS conference team at home doesn't guarantee a win any more.
"BOSTON -- Although published reports yesterday claimed that Bank of America Corp. plans to layoff hundreds of employees at Fleet Banks throughout Massachusetts, Fall River area branches had not received official word by closing time Wednesday, according ..."
IBM Friday sharpened it blade offerings to target small and midsize businesses with the announcement of new hardware and software bundles.
"Shocked by a mediocre post-Thanksgiving weekend, merchants are rushing to mark down their merchandise - before the majority of holiday shoppers have even seen it."
"AP - The events may be 35 years old, but the heated discussion hasn't stopped because Republicans and Democrats alike sense a political advantage in keeping the debate over John Kerry's service in Vietnam on voters' minds."
NEW YORK - Crude-oil futures rallied back above \$53 late on Wednesday on speculation and panic sparked by an oil-line explosion in Mexico.
There is no sport like modern pentathlon for encouraging speculative hindsight. What might have happened if Georgina Harland had shot a little more accurately?
LOS ANGELES -The outcome of Sunday night #39;s Game 4 against the Los Angeles Dodgers had little bearing on the Cardinals #39; thinking about their NLCS starting rotation.
Vijay Singh will take a two-shot lead into the final round of the 84 Lumber Classic as he eyes a third straight win this month. The world number one carded a level-par 72 to stay ahead of American Ryder Cup star Chris DiMarco (71).
The new Band Aid version of  Do They Know It's Christmas? looks set to go straight to the top of the UK singles chart.
"Aaron Sele , the former Red Sox righthander, went an impressive 9-4 during the regular season for the Angels. But he and that .692 winning percentage will be out of the Division Series between the Angels and Sox."
"KOLKATA: Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly #39;s cup of woes spilled over on Sunday when he was suspended for two international matches by ICC match referee Clive Lloyd, who found him guilty for his team #39;s slow over rate in BCCI Platinum Jubilee match against "
"Cordys, Inc. of Scotland, an integration and collaboration software vendor, announced today the availability of a new Web services platform."
"ATLANTA --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 22, 2004 -- AirGate PCS, Inc. (Nasdaq:PCSA), a PCS Affiliate of Sprint, today released the following statement:  quot;We have received a letter dated October 22, 2004, from David "
"A former general with a doctorate in economics takes power in Indonesia on Wednesday, facing the challenge of translating a landslide election victory into action on economic growth and against Islamic militancy."
"Dennis Hastert, the speaker of the House, is the man President Bush is counting on to enact an ambitious second-term agenda."
New reports accuse another drug company of being too slow to pull a dangerous medication from the market and question the ability of the federal Food and Drug Administration to protect the public from such risks.
"BAGHDAD -- The fight with renegade Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr is not over and the US military must retake his stronghold in Baghdad's Sadr City slum, a top US commander said yesterday."
"As a former longtime resident of the Bellville area, I want to enlighten you on what Sen. John Kerry #39;s leadership can cause. I have been living in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, for eight years with my family."
"An armed gang is holding at least 200 hostages,  many of them children, at a  school in south Russia."
NEW YORK - What are the odds that a tiny nation like Antigua and Barbuda could take on the United States in an international dispute and win?
 ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French soldiers fired to disperse  protesters in Ivory Coast on Tuesday after days of rioting in  the main city Abidjan.
"President Vicente Fox vowed to clean up Mexico #39;s police on Tuesday after violence that has shocked the country, and he told the capital #39;s left-wing mayor, his main political rival, to do the same."
"BUSAN, South Korea - Intel Corp. has taken another baby step on its roadmap for broadband wireless chips, saying Tuesday (Sept. 7) that it is sampling its WiMAX chip to  quot;strategic partners quot; in preparation for a wide-scale rollout in 2005."
"Facing persistent speculation that MCI Inc. is positioning itself for a sale, the telecommunications company's chief executive, Michael D. Capellas, insisted yesterday he has ''no intention quot; of breaking the company into pieces that could attract several buyers."
"AP - There's a new bar on the right-field roof and seats on the left-field wall. In center field, Jimmy Buffet sang ""Changes in Latitude, Changes in Attitude"" on the hallowed ground that once was off-limits to concerts."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. troops pounded the insurgent stronghold Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents of the city to expel ""foreign terrorists"" and ""murderers"" to prevent an all-out attack..."
"Hoping to monitor penguins unobtrusively, scientists are testing a tag made of silicone rubber. Stainless steel tags used currently can impede the birds' ability to hunt."
"Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, in Asia to prod North Korea to return to talks on ending its nuclear programs, said Sunday that while there is still time to resolve the impasse, ""there is a sense of urgency."""
"washingtonpost.com - Anthony Casalena was 17 when he got his first job as a programmer for a start-up called HyperOffice, a software company that makes e-mail and contact management applications for the Web. Hired as an intern, he became a regular programmer after two weeks and rewrote the main product line."
"David Nalbandian has lost his first match in three successive visits to the Swiss Indoors in Basel, beaten in an three-hour, five-set final by Czech Jiri Novak."
The Sudanese government says it will open talks with a new rebel group from the troubled region of Darfur.
"AP - Yasser Arafat's latest health crisis  #151; a severe flu, gallstones, a battery of cancer tests  #151; has exposed how unprepared the Palestinians are for their leader's death, making a chaotic transition period all but inevitable."
Virgin #39;s attempt to force Apple to open up its digital rights management (DRM) technology has failed. The French Competition Council has dismissed a Virgin France case that alleged Apple had abused market dominance.
CHICAGO -- Be prepared for the worst. That could be the message NHL Players Association executive director Bob Goodenow conveys to player agents at a meeting today.
"NEW DELHI: The telecast rights case for cricket to be played in India from October 2004 to 2008 has taken a turn, with varied offers coming from Zee, ESPN-Star and Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI)."
Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for leading a campaign to plant tens of millions of trees across Africa to slow deforestation.
"Apple Computer #39;s iTunes Music Store sold its 150 millionth song on Thursday, another key milestone in the Cupertino firm #39;s push to stay ahead of digital music rivals like Microsoft and Dell."
"FORT COLLINS, Colo. -- Hurricane forecasters are calling for an above-average Atlantic hurricane season again next year after one of the most destructive seasons on record."
Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez believes that his side have every chance of making the Champions League knockout stage tonight. The Spaniard is confident that the Reds can claim the 1-0 or two-goal win against 
"Reuters - A Turkish engineer abducted by a militant\gang in eastern Afghanistan was found dead on Wednesday, a\witness who saw the body being carried down from a mountainside\told Reuters."
"SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Apple Computer Inc. has improved the services offered to subscribers of .Mac. Previously, the amount of storage for a basic ."
"Microsoft and Sun Microsystems say that eight months into their 10-year cooperative alliance, dividends are already being paid in the form of increased interoperability of their products."
Private equity firm First Reserve Corp. continued its buying spree on Thursday by announcing its \$1.2 billion purchase of industrial equipment maker Dresser-Rand Co.
"Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday announced a faster version of its popular iBook notebook personal computer and a less expensive model of its PowerMac "
"NEW YORK, December 8 (newratings.com) - Sony Corp (SNE.NYS) named NVIDIA yesterday as the supplier of the graphics chips required for its upcoming Playstation 3 video game console."
" BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The heavyweight  United States duo of Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson were on  track for their second defeat of the day as Europe maintained a  stranglehold at the 35th Ryder Cup on Friday."
AFP - The German government expressed annoyance at the Bundesbank following a press report which suggested the German central bank was sceptical about Berlin's growth forecast for next year.
"AFP - Pope John Paul II issued a new appeal for peace in Iraq and the Middle East, condemning the  quot;horror quot; of violence as well as  quot;the terrorism that cruelly targets the innocent quot;."
"Lycos UK has withdrawn its anti-spam screensaver download from its portal following criticism that the vigilante-style programme had been too successful against spammers websites, shutting down a range of sites."
"Reuters - Chief executives in the United States\are not as pessimistic as the Business Council thought last\week when it issued its economic survey, the group said on\Tuesday, citing a ""tabulation error."""
"With Pixar Animation Studios #39; joint venture with the Walt Disney Company set to expire next year, executives in Hollywood have been speculating for months about when "
"Milan, Italy (Sports Network) - Inter Milan has earned just two points after two Serie A matches, thanks to a 1-1 draw with Palermo on Saturday night."
"The figures were not Stuart Rose #39;s fault, but if ever there was an occasion for a little humility, this was surely it. Instead, the new chief executive of Marks  amp; Spencer gave us his Brian Clough moment."
"Volkswagen says it may need to slash 30,000 jobs if unions refuse to agree to pay freezes at next week's talks."
" SEOUL (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.'s  third-quarter operating profit has fallen around 10 percent  short of market forecasts due to weak sales of flat screens, a  source familiar with the company's business said on Friday."
"As many as 80,000 civil servants at the U.K.'s Department of Work and Pensions had to deal with what is being described as the biggest computer crash in government history on Monday."
National League Division Series Game 4 - Atlanta Braves at Houston Astros. From Minute Maid Park in Houston. 1 pm ESPN. American League Division Series Game 5 - Boston Red Sox at Anaheim Angels.
Scientists have decoded the complete sequence of all DNA in the bacterium responsible for potentially deadly Legionnaires' disease.
"In the last 10 years, pizza-sized dishes have sprouted on homes all over the country. But how does satellite TV actually work?"
"Q: You mentioned several times about chemistry being so important. Whenever you get a group of demanding people together, it is extremely important."
"TWO female Italian aid workers were released by their Iraqi captors overnight after three anguished weeks as hostages, sparking scenes of joy at their homes and relief among world leaders."
Belgium #39;s Interbrew won approval from shareholders on Friday to buy Brazil #39;s AmBev in a deal valued at about 8 billion euros (\$9.
"Al-Jazeera TV in Qatar said that one Islamic group has released two women of the relatives of the Iraqi prime minister Eyad Allawi, but still holding his cousin as a hostage."
"After three tough races, in which he scored a total of just 10-points, Max Biaggi was back to his best at Sepang on Sunday - when he charged through the lead pack and proved the only rider capable of threatening race winner Valentino Rossi."
Allen Iverson waited his entire NBA career to make a buzzer-beating shot. Grant Hill waited four long years just to get back to full strength.
TORONTO (CP) - Winger Alexander Mogilny of the Toronto Maple Leafs has undergone successful arthroscopic surgery to his left hip for the second time in a year.
Company extends partnership with open-source Java software company in effort to compete with IBM.
"The dollar may fall against the euro for a third week in four on concern near-record crude oil prices will temper the pace of expansion in the US economy, a survey by Bloomberg News indicates."
Start-up TouchDown Industries thinks a slew of rabid football fans will help its novelty PC succeed where others have failed.
"A better-than-expected profit outlook from Ford juiced up trading on Wall Street, with gains capped by a lackluster reading on consumer sentiment and a fresh rise in oil prices."
"DaimlerChrysler #39;s (DCXGn.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) third-quarter operating profit rose 7 percent, just below analyst expectations, as "
"A new search engine tool has been released this week which is based on the Google search engine - but with a twist. Fagoogle.com supports homosexuality and actively sponsors programs aimed at educating people about the gay lifestyle. Released this week, Fagoogle.com aims to generate well needed money for the ..."
"Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops have killed 14 Palestinians in a raid in the coastal strip."
"One billion children - half the world #39;s population of children - suffer from poverty, conflict, HIV and AIDS, according to the United Nations child rights organisation."
A judge is set to rule in two weeks on a case involving three UK former bankers fighting extradition to the United States over alleged fraud charges involving Enron executives.
"AP - The suspected leader of a Muslim cell plotted to devastate Spain with a suicide bombing that would kill senior judges and destroy case files at a court that serves as a center for investigating Islamic terror, officials said Wednesday."
"AP - Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning Thursday night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw, 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins."
Real Madrid believe they will qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League after recording their second win in a row with an edgy 1-0 victory over Dynamo Kiev.
"I'll be back with the news about Howard Stern's planned departure to satellite radio. But first, this endless block of commercials and station promotions."
"Businesses should delay switching to Linux until IT managers can give a better business case for adoption, says research. And although Linux is still seeing double figure growth, following support by IBM, HP "
" MONTERREY, Mexico (Reuters) - Some Mexican churches are  using state-of-the-art technology developed by Israeli  electronic warfare experts to silence cell phones that ring  during mass, church officials said on Tuesday."
"AFP - John Danforth, who has resigned as US ambassador to the United Nations, is a respected moderate within the Republican establishment and an ordained Episcopal priest sometimes nicknamed ""Saint Jack."""
"Reuters - Israel's opposition Labour party said\on Sunday it had no preconditions for joining with Prime\Minister Ariel Sharon, paving the way for a broad new\government to push through his Gaza withdrawal plan."
"Seattle -- There #39;s only one problem with Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2, a key upgrade to the popular Windows XP operating system: It turns some computers into large, expensive doorstops."
"Greenhouse gas emissions have doubled the risk of European heatwaves similar to last year's, a UK study says."
Followers of radical cleric Moqtada Sadr trickled in to police stations in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district to hand in weapons today under a deal seen as a key step toward ending weeks of fighting with US and Iraqi forces in the Shiite militant stronghold.
"You can learn a lot from a microbe. Right now, a tiny critter from the Dead Sea is teaching scientists new things about biotechnology, cancer, possible life on other worlds. And that's just for starters."
"OTTAWA - The best new toys on Canadian store shelves as the shopping season approaches include a dancing robo t and an electronic guessing game, according to a new report."
"GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Militants burst into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat on Sunday, firing from their assault rifles for several minutes and forcing security guards to hustle away the Palestinian leader #39;s temporary successor, Mahmoud Abbas."
Chicago-based Braun Consulting #39;s shares soared Tuesday after news that the professional services firm will be acquired by Minneapolis-based Fair Isaac for \$30 million.
"Japan sent two destroyers and a surveillance airplane to the Sea of Japan on Thursday, American and Japanese government officials said, after the United States and Japan detected "
LONDON: Oil prices fell to seven-week lows below \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another increase in US oil and natural gas inventories.
Government unity seemed to crumble as the president proposed a new election and the Supreme Court heard complaints of fraud.
AP - Lucille Lamarca could feel her heart begin to beat at a worrisome pace as she lay there alone in the intensive care unit at Buffalo General Hospital with a heart condition. Then from a speaker came a reassuring voice.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viacom Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;VIA.N&gt; on  Thursday posted a third-quarter loss as a result of charges  from discontinued operations and a writedown of its assets, but  revenue rose on advertising sales growth at MTV and Nickelodeon  cable networks and the CBS television network."
"With one last attempt to win gold, Adam Nelson is called for his fifth consecutive foul, leaving him with a silver medal Wednesday."
"US Airways and its pilots union broke off talks on reduced pay and benefits, the Bloomberg news service reported Monday. US Airways, Myrtle Beach International Airport #39;s busiest carrier, is seeking concessions to avoid a bankruptcy filing."
"A Republican on how to survive in a Democratic town: This really is the greatest city in the world, but you are now behind enemy lines."
US giant General Electric sells a majority stake in its Indian outsourcing arm for \$500m to two private equity firms.
"Notre Dame certainly had its problems Saturday night against Michigan State at Spartan Stadium. The Spartans, facing an opportunistic Notre Dame defense, had more "
"* PULLING RANKS: NC State is 8-47-1 against opponents ranked in the top 10, including a 1-5 record under Chuck Amato. The Pack has twice beaten a team ranked as high as No."
Fans nostalgic for the arcade classic have something to look forward to on the new handheld from Sony. TOKYO--Namco today took the official site for its PlayStation Portable version of Ridge Racer live.
"AFP - Secretary of State Colin Powell, one of the Bush administration's most respected members abroad, announced his resignation after four years of often-losing policy battles with his hawkish colleagues over Iraq and other issues."
"Deion Sanders stood on the Baltimore Ravens #39; practice field and chatted with his new teammates, some of whom were old friends, some new."
"Boeing Co. reported a 78-percent surge in third-quarter net income to \$456 million as it benefitted from strength in its defense business, and tax settlements that helped offset drop-offs in commercial airplane and satellite and launch operations."
"Michael Kopper, the first of three former Enron executives who have pleaded guilty and are expected to testify in the ongoing Enron criminal trial, is scheduled to take the stand this morning."
"New York - Microsoft Corp will roll out its long-awaited internet search service on Thursday, adding fresh competition to Google Inc, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday."
"England captain David Beckham has apologised for deliberately getting himself booked, and while coach Sven-Goran Eriksson wants the matter put to bed, FIFA president Sepp Blatter says disciplinary action may be taken against the midfielder."
"CARACAS - A huge fire ripped through more than 16 floors of Venezuela #39;s highest tower, in a Caracas complex housing dozens of Government ministries and state agencies, but there were no casualties, officials said."
" NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy fighting broke out between  U.S. troops and Shi'ite militiamen in the Iraqi city of Najaf,  where Iraq's interim defense minister said he expected a  ""decisive battle"" to take place on Wednesday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open flat or  slightly lower on Monday as Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; begins to  trade ex-dividend, weakening technology shares and offsetting a  welcome drop in crude prices."
"Prosecutors searched the office and apartment of Yukos #39; chief lawyer, Dmitry Gololobov, on Monday and summoned him for questioning, Yukos spokesman Alexander Shadrin said."
"BALTIMORE - Priest Holmes had his third 100-yard rushing game of the season and the Kansas City Chiefs held a 20-17 lead over the Baltimore Ravens after three quarters Monday night.    Trent Green led the Chiefs 60 yards in 11 plays on the tiebreaking march, with a 16-yard completion to Chris Horn on third-and-10 extending the drive..."
"Sometimes, the part-time jobs can lead to permanent positions. But for many seasonal workers, the job simply means income and nice discounts at a time of year when many people want the extra cash."
"BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - The United States sent out its Dream Team for the first match of the Ryder Cup, and it was all downhill from there..."
"ISRAEL #39;S plan to withdraw from Gaza was designed to put the peace process on hold and block the creation of a Palestinian state, a top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview yesterday."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - A videotape of the beheading of British hostage Kenneth Bigley appeared Sunday on an Islamist Web site, showing the civil engineer pleading that he wanted ""to live a simple life"" moments before he was decapitated.    The nearly five-minute tape appeared two days after Bigley's family said it had proof that the 62-year-old civil engineer from Liverpool was dead..."
Company hopes the \$160 million purchase will make it a major player in the music market.
"Interpublic Group of Cos. Inc. (IPG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a wider quarterly loss as hefty charges continued to weigh on the world #39;s No."
Oil prices held firm Friday after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears that have revived a powerful price rally.
"AFP - China's economy grew by 9.5 percent in the first three quarters of 2004 compared to the same period last year, China's National Bureau of Statistics announced."
"1. KURT BUSCH. He has scored nine consecutive top-15 finishes, including his second fifth-place effort in a row in the EA Sports 500 at Talladega Superspeedway on Sunday."
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid from record highs above  \$50 a barrel on Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a  surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed a temporary cease-fire.
"ABIDJAN : The Ivory Coast government suspended former rebels from the cabinet after they failed to attend a first government session since the country #39;s latest crisis, citing security reasons."
"No problem. Salvation Army bell ringers will swipe your debit or credit card for an on-the-spot donation. Starting Wednesday in Arizona, the agency is using hand-held debit/credit machines at select Valley locations."
"TOKYO (AP) -- A Japanese government panel has approved plans to send two spy satellites into Earth's orbit beginning next year, a media report said Wednesday.    If confirmed, the missions would be the first since late 2003 for Japan's ailing space program, which has suffered a slew of launch and mission failures..."
"HAMISH ROBERTSON: China #39;s enormous appetite for raw materials to fuel its economic boom is continuing to have spin-offs for Australia, with a new mining deal announced between the two countries."
The cabinet is expected to agree in principle today to a request from George Bush #39;s military commanders for British troops to be redeployed to the so-called  quot;triangle of death quot; near Baghdad.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- Output at US factories, mines and utilities rose by 0.4 percent in July, nearly recovering from a 0.5 percent plunge in June, the Federal Reserve said on Tuesday. "
Sporting Lisbon ended Dinamo Tbilisi #39;s interest in the UEFA Cup with a crushing 4-0 victory at the Boris Paichadze stadium in Georgia.
"10/19/2004 -- Microsoft and Cisco are teaming up to share security information across products, an effort that should ultimately make offerings from both vendors more secure."
"RSFs third annual worlwide press freedom index says East Asia and Middle East have worst press freedom records EU members among the first 40; Russia, Caucasus and Central Asia lag behind."
"FIFA, determined that the refereeing at the 2006 World Cup finals will be the best ever, are launching an 18-month campaign to ensure the world #39;s top referees are fully prepared for the finals in Germany."
"AP - A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick."
Zimbabwe #39;s most persecuted white MP began a year of hard labour last night after parliament voted to jail him for shoving the Justice Minister during a debate over land seizures.
Nairobi - The Sudanese government has said the best way to end the conflict in its western Darfur region may be to let the people there manage their own affairs.
LOS ANGELES -- Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals sure looked like the best team in baseball.
Gary Megsons stormy four-year reign as West Bromwich Albion manager ended in predictable acrimony tonight when the club announced it had relieved him of his duties with immediate effect.
"For those sinking in a flood of unpaid loans, don #39;t lose hope. Many people have gone before you and made it out. Simply put, there are debt-defying actions you can take."
LONDON : World oil prices sprinted up to new one-month high points as traders showed alarm at a steep fall in US crude oil inventories in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
"AP - Mount St. Helens blew off more steam Monday, shooting a billowing white plume several hundred feet above the volcano and thrilling hundreds of visitors who had gathered below the rumbling mountain."
"NEW YORK - Stocks bobbed higher at Monday's open after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.    The Dow Jones industrial average was up 27.36, or 0.3 percent, at 10,082.56..."
"The Communications Workers of America #39;s national executive board voted unanimously to authorize strike action by 6,000 passenger service agents against US Airways, clearing "
Reuters - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell  on\Thursday to nearly a five-week low as crude oil flirted with\last month's record high and a key gauge of future economic\activity fell for a third straight month.
"ATHENS-In one of the biggest shocks in Olympic judo history, defending champion Kosei Inoue was defeated by Dutchman Elco van der Geest in the men #39;s 100-kilogram category Thursday. "
"AFP - A combative Prime Minister Tony Blair refused to apologise for taking Britain into the Iraq war, as he rallied his governing Labour Party to unite and win a third straight term in a general election likely to take place in 2005."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yellow Roadway Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=YELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;YELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday raised its third-quarter earnings outlook, citing  higher prices for its trucking services and better cost  controls."
British telco BT has reached agreements with German mobile handset maker Siemens and Canadian wireless solutions provider Research In Motion (RIM) to offer UK corporate customers the Siemens SK65 handset with Blackberry Built-In technology.
"A car bomb killed eight US Marines outside Fallujah on Saturday, the deadliest attack against the US military in nearly six months."
explosion in North Korea wasn #39;ta nuclear bomb doesn #39;t mean the world community should ignore it. Secretary of State Colin Powell said evidence supports North Korea #39;s statement that the blast was to remove part of a mountain for a hydroelectric.
 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia toughened security measures  Saturday and vowed to prevent any recurrence of twin air  crashes in which investigators were pursuing leads linked to  terrorism ahead of elections in volatile Chechnya.
"Having an always-on, fast net connection is changing the way Britons use the internet, research suggests."
"Johan Santana has 200 strikeouts, the most for a Twins pitcher since Bert Blyleven #39;s 215 in 1986. Mike Jackson of the White Sox made his 1,002d appearance, tying Goose Gossage for eighth on the career list."
A SECRET government report says Muslim guerillas in the southern Philippines have hosted terror training camps for militants from Indonesia and Malaysia for at least seven years.
World leaders and Palestinian representatives gathered in Cairo Friday morning for Yasser Arafat #39;s military funeral service. The funeral came hours before chaotic scenes in the West Bank 
"One more loss, and the St. Louis Cardinals will bow out of the N.L.C.S. for the fourth time in Tony La Russa's tenure."
"AP - Beginning to put his team in place for his second term, President Bush decided to keep Andy Card as White House chief of staff, retaining an unflappable veteran of the Reagan and first Bush presidencies."
" FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Investors in Germany's Bayer will get  one share in chemicals and polymers spin-off Lanxess for every  10 Bayer shares held, a German newspaper said, valuing Lanxess  at nearly 1.6 billion euros (\$1.97 billion)."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Homebuilder D.R. Horton Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DHI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DHI.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on  strong orders for new homes and forecast better-than-expected  results for 2005."
"Ubisoft today announced its plans to launch the next installment in the Tom Clancys Rainbow Six franchise in Spring 2005. The next Rainbow Six game follows Team Rainbow, the worlds most "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=005930.KS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;005930.KS&lt;/A&gt; plans to introduce a mobile telephone with  high-speed Internet links in the United States in the first  quarter of next year, an executive said on Thursday."
As many as 205 people were arrested in overnight unrest Saturday on the anniversary of the 1973 coup that led Augusto Pinochet to power.
TV chip cancellation joins a long list of 2004 canceled projects and missteps.
Australia faltered in the last 30 minutes of the first session of the third Test against India at Nagpur and the hosts took full advantage to emerge with their necks out in front.
"Afghan President Hamid Karzai, who most Western governments want to see win an election on Oct. 9, said today that foreign troops would remain until the country #39;s own fledgling forces can take the charge of stability."
"NOBLESVILLE, Ind. -- Conseco Inc. asked a state judge Tuesday for a ruling allowing the company to foreclose on its former chief executive #39;s mansion to collect a \$62."
The joint Nordic pavilion at theWorld Exhibition in Japan 2005 was presented on Monday at the Nordic Council #39; 56th annual Session in Stockholm.
"Love him or hate him, he delivers the goods. Howard Stern #39;s five-year deal with Sirius Satellite Radio (nasdaq: SIRI - news - people ) helped it to add more than 69,000 new subscribers in September to pass the 700,000 mark."
AP - Katie King's second period goal lifted the United States into a 1-1 tie with Canada on Thursday night in the Four Nations Cup international women's hockey tournament.
"SAN FRANCISCO - Kim Polese, the woman who coined the term ""Java,"" has found a new job. At the Web 2.0 conference hereThursday, she will unveil a startup called SpikeSource that will provide enterprise support services for open-source software."
"Seattle, WA, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- RealNetworks Inc., is taking on Apple Computer #39;s wildly successful iTunes Music Store with a half-price sale offering music downloads for 49 cents a song. "
TEHRAN -- Iran said yesterday it has processed several tons of raw  quot;yellowcake quot; uranium to prepare it for enrichment -- a key step in developing atomic weapons -- in defiance of the UN nuclear watchdog agency.
Former PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway has admitted that he lied to Wall Street analysts about the health of the business during his defence against the hostile bid from rival Oracle.
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cosmetics maker Revlon Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=REV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;REV.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said its third-quarter net loss widened on  refinancing costs and declining sales."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The New York Yankees rebounded from  their worst ever defeat to register a 5-3 victory over the  Cleveland Indians in American League action Wednesday.
Open-source software maker releases big update to Java-based application server program.
"FOXBORO, Mass. - It #39;s a real blue state/green state debate, this Jets-Patriots game. On the one hand, it #39;s not about the quarterbacks."
"BHUBANESHWAR, India: India on Sunday successfully tested its indigenous Agni-II ballistic missile, the military said as it announced it was armed with a shorter-range version of the nuclear-capable missile."
"MOJAVE, Calif. The builders of SpaceShipOne are trying to decide whether to proceed with another flight into space next week to win the 10 (m) million dollar X Prize."
"A former crematory operator accused of dumping 334 bodies and passing off cement dust as ashes has agreed to a plea deal requiring him to serve no more than 12 years in prison, the Associated Press learned Tuesday."
"Mahmoud Abbas, the interim Palestinian leader, said in an interview published Tuesday that the armed struggle against Israel was a mistake and should end."
"The US State Department Tuesday said iran #39;s missile program posed a threat to the region and US interests. The United States has had and continues to have serious concerns about Iran #39;s missile program, department deputy spokesman Adam Ereli said."
Thirty-two pitches. That's a couple innings for most pitchers -- or two lengthy Johnny Damon at-bats. It amounted to Kevin Brown's entire body of work against the Red Sox Sept. 26. It was not a pretty sight.
"Virus Throttler, unveiled by HP in February, was one of two new security services developed by company researchers that debuted at the RSA Security Conference."
"Following the revelation that Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi used steroids, some government officials began demanding that major league baseball adopt a stricter steroid policy."
Experts say viruses don't pose a serious risk to handheld devices--yet.
"In Australia, the chief executive and chief finance officer of the James Hardie building materials company have stood aside. The move is the company #39;s first response to a damning report on the way it failed "
"NEW YORK, Aug. 19 -- National Securities Corp., a Seattle brokerage firm, has agreed to a one-month ban on opening mutual fund accounts and must pay \$600,000 in fines and restitution to settle allegations that its employees helped ..."
Throughout their lives the 30-year-old twins Calvin and Alvin Harrison have done almost everything together. They were once homeless and lived together in a Ford Mustang coupe.
"China plans to enact an anti-secession law, the government said Friday, in a move apparently aimed at promoting Beijing #39;s campaign to pressure Taiwan into uniting with the mainland."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A former White House Web security  chief predicted on Wednesday that technology companies and law  enforcers could soon stamp out most Internet ""phishing"" scams  that aim to trick people into giving away personal and  financial information."
"D K Healthcare Resources' stock surprises investors, but the drop brings a favorable valuation."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Joao Carlos Assumpcao&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SANTOS, Brazil (Reuters) - Kidnappers freed on Friday themother of Santos forward Robinho, one of Brazil's most talentedyoung players, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while shewas attending a barbecue.&lt;/p&gt;"
"With Serena Williams #39; victory against Amelie Mauresmo, she not only reached the final but also assisted Lindsay Davenport in finishing the year as the No."
Mozambique President Joaquim Chissano said on Thursday he was happy to quit as Mozambique #39;s leader and hoped to be remembered for securing peace and rapid economic growth in the once war-torn country.
Birds coated in oil were carried to a wildlife refuge by volunteers trying to save them from the largest oil spill on the Delaware River in nearly a decade.
"Celera Genomics Group of Rockville announced an agreement Tuesday to provide potential targets for cancer drugs to biotech giant Genentech Inc.\&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
An Al Qaeda-linked militant group beheaded an American hostage in Iraq and threatened last night to kill another two Westerners in 24 hours unless women prisoners were freed from Iraqi jails.
LOS ANGELES: Teenager Maria Sharapova capped her stunning tennis year by overcoming an injured Serena Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the final of the season-ending WTA Tour Championships yesterday.
Persistent rain in northern Japan has triggered fears of fresh landslides in the wake of powerful earthquakes which have shaken the region.
"Pat Burrell went 4-for-4, including a tiebreaking two-run single in Philadelphia #39;s six-run seventh inning, helping the Phillies rally for a 7-4 victory over the Florida Marlins on Thursday night."
Top shares have fallen to a three-week low after an early jump on the back of positive corporate news failed to gather momentum and stronger-than-expected retail sales data 
ZDNet UK: Encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses. 
"As Pedro Martinez left the mound for the final time Tuesday night, he looked and pointed skyward. He had done in his first World Series start what Babe Ruth did in his back in 1916 "
AP - Luxury goods retailer Gucci Group NV said Tuesday that it plans to increase sales by 10 percent a year by doubling the size of its core brand and turning around unprofitable units.
"Come Dec. 1, many Floridians may find an unwelcome piece of mail interspersed between bills, holiday catalogs and greeting cards: a non-renewal or cancellation letter from their insurers."
"India has unveiled a package of trade incentives, aimed at helping the country grow its exports by 20 a year for the next five years."
"AP - After a week of flip-flops by the Army, Halliburton is waiting for a final decision on whether the military will withhold 15 percent of payments for some of its work in Iraq."
British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government yesterday rejected claims from opposition lawmakers that a redeployment of British troops in Iraq would be a political show of support for the administration of US President George W. Bush before presidential 
"SANTA CLARA, Calif. Intel chief executive Craig Barrett says his company has  quot;recovered quot; from product missteps that plagued the chip maker during the first half of the year."
"New York - US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, as the dollar strengthened and shares of Merck  amp; Co. helped lift the Dow after the drugmaker gave a forecast that was not as weak as some on Wall Street had expected."
The chairman of India #39;s Reliance Industries has denied any family dispute over the ownership of the country #39;s largest private company.
"Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe #39;s ruling ZANU-PF confirmed the first woman to become his deputy on Saturday, putting her on course to succeed Mugabe when he eventually retires in 2008."
Long lines form in Japan where shoppers finally get their hands on the portable gaming device.
"Billionaire financier Carl Icahn offered to buy Mylan Laboratories Inc., the largest US maker of generic medicines, for about \$5.38 billion to block Mylan #39;s proposed purchase of King Pharmaceuticals Inc."
"Reuters - A Pennsylvania law allowing the\state to force Internet service providers to block access to\child pornography sites is unconstitutional, a federal judge\ruled on Friday."
"MacCentral - Alpine Electronics of America Inc. on Tuesday announced it is shipping its Interface Adapter for iPod, model KCA-420i. The  #36;100 product enables Alpine's 2004 Ai-NET in-dash head units to interface with Apple's iPod and iPod mini. First announced in January, the Alpine Interface Adapter for iPod enables Alpine users to navigate their iPod's playlists, search for songs and more using the front panel buttons or remote on compatible Alpine head units. The interface kit can be installed anywhere in the car and charges the iPod's battery when it's connected. ..."
The UK's defence secretary is to address parliament on proposals to put some troops under US command in Iraq.
"Barclays, the British bank that left South Africa in 1986 after apartheid protests, may soon resume retail operations in the nation."
"AP - Q: I'm thinking of getting a plasma TV, but I've heard the image can ""burn"" into the screen. Is this something I need to be concerned about?"
"Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, a British scientist who played a key role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday, his university said on Wednesday."
" MADRID (Reuters) - The Basque separatist group ETA set off  bombs in cities across Spain Monday, slightly wounding five  people and escalating their renewed fight for independence on  the day Spaniards celebrate unity."
"Paris, France (Sports Network) - Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian announced Monday that they have withdrawn from the Paris Masters because of injuries."
The battle for the US presidency enters new territory today with both candidates turning to scientific journals to set out their election promises.
British telecommunications company Cable  amp; Wireless PLC is selling its Japanese business to Tokyo-based broadband services provider Softbank Corp.
"Workers at Opel auto plants in Bochum walked out Thursday as soon as the parent company, General Motors, announced it was cutting 10,000 jobs in Germany."
InPhonic finally made its public debut amid insatiable investor demand for IPOs.
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. marines engaged in heavy clashes  with scores of insurgents near a mosque in western Iraq on  Monday, leading to U.S. air strikes which damaged the shrine  and left it ablaze, the U.S. military said."
PARIS -- The Jordanian monarch said in an interview published Tuesday that elections in Iraq are impossible in the current chaos and that he sees no chances of improvement in the short term.
WASHINGTON : The US House of Representatives repealed a controversial tax break for US corporations in a bid to end hefty European Union trade sanctions more than a year after the World Trade Organization ruled against the practice.
"NEW DELHI, NOVEMBER 8: General Electrics (GE) India business headed for a fresh start on Monday, as it kick-started a global reorganisation of its back office operations, starting with selling 60 per cent of GECIS for \$500 million."
"J.T. Snow singled in the winning run with one out in the ninth to lead the San Francisco Giants to their sixth straight victory, 5-4, over the visiting Montreal Expos last night."
"It was a shot that rang out around the Premiership, delighting Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester United, and darkening the gloomy mood of the champions, Arsenal."
" HOUSTON (Reuters) - Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;, desperate to  meet profit targets, ""parked"" unwanted power generating barges  at Merrill Lynch in a sham sale designed to be reversed, a  prosecutor said on Tuesday in the first criminal trial of  former executives at the fallen energy company."
Earliest adopters of updated program should download again to ensure full security.
"Nearly 100, 000 protestors, mostly Orthodox Jews, gathered in downtown Jerusalem #39;s Zion Square on Sunday night in opposition to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate settlements in the West Bank and Gaza."
"Iran says its first nuclear reactor, being built with the help of Russia, will not go on line until October 2006, a year later than planned."
"Russian oil giant Yukos is very close to insolvency, Yukos #39; CEO Steven Theede was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying on Wednesday."
AP - Criticism of the United States was surprisingly muted at an international conference in Egypt that drew fierce opponents to the U.S.-led invasion.
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Rising oil prices will weigh on U.S.  economic growth, but the increases seen so far will not derail  the expansion and need not fuel a troubling inflation, Federal  Reserve Board Governor Ben Bernanke said on Monday."
Workers at Ford #39;s main Jaguar assembly plant have agreed to take a ballot on possible strike action over job cuts at the hard-pressed carmaker.
"Japan #39;s dominant wireless operator, NTT DoCoMo, has reached a basic agreement to offer its popular i-mode mobile internet technology to mmO2 OOM."
"Grace Park, coming off her win last week on home soil, was battling for another big finish at the Mizuno Classic in Japan, but basically lost touch with run-away leader Annika Sorenstam of "
"Reuters - Citigroup Inc.  on Monday said\Todd Thomson, its chief financial officer and head of strategy,\will swap posts with Sallie Krawcheck, Smith Barney's chairman\and chief executive officer."
"BAGHDAD A car bomb exploded in a town south of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 10, the latest in a spate of attacks that have killed some 150 people in the last four days."
"Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill has hailed his team #39;s performance as  quot;phemomenal quot;, as they kept their European hopes alive."
"HOUSTON - On a night when pitching suddenly took over the NL playoffs, someone was bound to get a hit. Fortunately for the Houston Astros, Jeff Kent stepped up..."
"Russia has postponed the test launch of a new booster rocket scheduled for Friday, the Defense Ministry said Thursday. The launch of the Soyuz-2 medium-size rocket from Russia #39;s "
"His remark, of course, was half in jest, fuelled by the euphoria of a clean sweep of the World Cup season thus far. With Super-G wins in Soelden and Lake Louise, and the Lake Louise downhill as well, Miller #39;s "
A Greek bus hostage siege has ended peacefully as all 23 passengers were freed and as police revealed the two armed Albanian hijackers had been bluffing when they threatened to blow up the bus.
"(Undated) Oct. 19, 2004 - The maker of arthritis drug Celebrex is launching a study to see if the drug has the same dangerous side effects that took Vioxx off the market."
The Auburn Tigers did everything to make themselves at home against Tennessee in the SEC Championship Saturday. They exceeded the 32.9 points per game they put up in Jordan-Hare 
"In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas."
"One of the seven great unsolved mysteries of mathematics may have been cracked by a reclusive Russian who is not remotely interested in the 560,000 prize his solution could win him, it emerged today."
A strong earthquake tremor has shaken northern Japan days after several quakes killed at least 31 people.
"Britain #39;s major naval shipbuilders have discussed merging their operations into a single joint venture, two newspapers have reported."
"IBM has added biometric security to its ThinkPad notebook line, claiming that the technology is now ready for prime time. IBM has added a fingerprint scanner to its T42 ThinkPad notebook chassis and will offer "
Prime Minister Tony Blair today urged the government of Sudan to adopt a five-point plan designed to help end the slaughter in Darfur and ease the humanitarian crisis there.
"The ghosts that have long haunted Slobodan Milosevic have finally appeared in court, and they have fundamentally altered the war crimes trial of the former Yugoslav president."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slid to a new record low  against the euro on Friday amid disappointing U.S. jobs data  and a perception that the United States was in no hurry to stem  the dollar's fall.
LONDON - Champion jockey Kieron Fallon and colleagues Fergal Lynch and Darren Williams were back in action yesterday after their arrests over allegations of race-fixing.
"com September 14, 2004, 9:12 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority."
Stock prices opened slightly higher today after the latest reading on U.S. gross domestic product.
"This will simplify the process of discovery, trial and purchase of mobile applications, content and services for the consumer. HELSINKI: The world #39;s largest mobile phone maker Nokia, has launched an initiative "
Lawyers for Australia #39;s recording industry branded the popular Kazaa computer file-swapping network  quot;an engine of copyright piracy to a degree of magnitude never before seen quot; as they launched a court battle on Monday to shut down its illegal activities.
" LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States."
"OTTAWA (CP) - Sustained weakness in the US dollar will dampen American demand for Canadian products at the same time the global economy also appears to be slowing, Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge warned Wednesday."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Justice Department is  investigating possible accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, bringing  greater government scrutiny to bear on the mortgage finance  company, already facing a parallel inquiry by the SEC, a source  close to the matter said on Thursday."
International Data Corp. said growth in demand for Linux servers in Europe is expected to almost double by 2008. Microsoft is fighting back by cutting prices and through publicity campaigns 
An on-line database containing the career and contact details of over 22 million business people can be edited by anyone.
Stocks rose today as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product and kept a close eye on lower oil prices.
"AP - A few weeks ago, Cliff Fleming was chasing the Batmobile at night in a helicopter 20 feet above the cavernous streets of Chicago."
"Although set to remain a niche market, mobile gaming will continue its rise as a generator of wireless data usage and revenue, new research has claimed."
 JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia hunted on Friday for the  people behind a car bomb attack that killed nine people outside  the Australian embassy and underlined the vulnerability of the  world's most populous Muslim nation to militant violence.
"A car bomb explosion rattled Wednesday morning a US military checkpoint on a highway leading to Baghdad #39;s airport, the US military said in a statement."
"Make sandwich out of ingredients. Heat in skillet until browned image of Virgin Mary mysteriously appears. Let cool in clear plastic box with cotton balls for a decade, or until desired cheese consistency."
"Former Red Sox stats, schedule pitcher Jeff Suppan, who Thursday night outdueled Roger Clemens in Game 7 of the NLCS, was thrilled to be getting another chance to pitch at Fenway, especially with all the marbles on the line."
"Kansai Electric Power #39;s nuclear power plant in Fukui, Japan, was searched by police Saturday during an investigation into an Aug. 9 mishap."
US diplomacy in dealing with North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program drew the attention of two Asia specialists who watched US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.
"Despite all the changes Microsoft is touting with the new version of Media Centre, the biggest change may be one that the company barely mentions: the price drop."
"Deal to buy UK travel company expected to close next April, funded with Wright IPO proceeds. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Travel and real estate company Cendant Corp."
"Across our galaxy, the formation of planetary systems is typically a  quot;big mess quot; -- a violent, slam-bang process in which dust balls grow into mountainous asteroids that hurtle about like pinballs, repeatedly smashing each other to bits, scientists "
"Reuters - Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.\(005930.KS) plans to introduce a mobile telephone with\high-speed Internet links in the United States in the first\quarter of next year, an executive said on Thursday."
"January 15, 2005 -- a Saturday -- will almost certainly pass quietly on the bucolic Redmond, Washington, campus of Microsoft Corp. But for those in the field of information technology security, who often make a sport of following the company's struggles to secure its products, the date is certain to attract some notice: it's the third anniversary of a now-famous internal Microsoft e-mail dubbed the ""Trustworthy Computing"" memo.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?"" width=""1"" height=""1"" border=""0""/&gt;&lt;a href=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp""&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;"
AP - Details of a new television ad from Democrat John Kerry to begin airing Wednesday:
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Marquis Grissom hit a grand slam  homer and the San Francisco Giants rallied from a six run  deficit to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-7 in National  League play on Saturday.
"A deal to restore devolution in Northern Ireland will not be signed, DUP leader Ian Paisley confirms."
"Australia #39;s unemployment rate dropped for the second straight month to 5.6 percent in September, the government said Thursday."
"AP - A long-serving member of Deutsche Bank AG's supervisory board announced he was quitting Thursday in a dispute over strategy, Germany's biggest bank said."
"At only over 1 pound, Sony #39;s VAIO U Ultra Portable PC is a full Microsoft Windows XP computer, on a form factor that resembles that of a PDA."
"BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Added INF Kendry Morales to 40-man roster; designated P Bobby Jenks for assignment. Atlanta (NL): Signed P John Smoltz to a two-year contract. Boston (AL): Named Jason McLeod director of amateur scouting, Amiel Sawdaye assistant scouting director, Dave Finley national crosschecker, Mike Rikard East Coast crosschecker, Fred Peterson West Coast crosschecker, and Jon Lukens and Danny Watkins ..."
"Dale Earnhardt Jr. #39;s swearword in a TV interview after his victory at Talladega costs him the NASCAR points lead and \$10,000. A slip of the tongue on TV cost Dale Earnhardt Jr."
"LANDOVER, Md. -- In a matchup between two of the National Football League #39;s legendary minds, Dallas Cowboys coach Bill Parcells came out a winner over Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs."
"In a briefing later this week, Intel is expected to announce the availability of a ""tri-mode"" Wi-Fi chip that supports the 802.11b wireless standard and its speedier cousin, 802.11g -- as well as the less-used 802.11a."
Three programming geeks use monsters and metaphors to turn the Sci Fi Channel into the best little horror house in the movie business. By Gary Wolf from Wired magazine.
"Although Microsoft's Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some other key  technologies, the company said the next Windows release will still be worth the upgrade."
"ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative deal on pilot concessions and much-needed breathing room, but uncertainty about the carrier #39;s debt restructuring remains."
"AP - Point guard Dez Willingham won't be back for his sophomore season at Kansas State, coach Jim Wooldridge said Monday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rebounded on Wednesday  morning after the government reported a bigger-than-expected  rise in crude oil inventories last week, triggering a sharp  slide in oil prices."
The Notre Dame message boards are no longer discussing whether Tyrone Willingham should be fired. Theyre already arguing about whether the next coach should be Barry Alvarez or Steve Spurrier.
"Wild weather seems to bring out the best in Ernie Els, who was both steady and spectacular yesterday in a cool rain, warm sunshine, and blustery conditions for an 8-under-par 64 that gave him a two-shot lead in the American Express Championship at Thomastown, Ireland."
" BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Less than four months after  causing an uproar by almost expelling a New York Times  reporter, the Brazilian government criticized the U.S.  newspaper on Monday for a report on a controversial proposal to  oversee the country's journalists."
US Airways' second trip to bankruptcy court holds both promise and peril for the nation's other major airlines.
"While most of the country #39;s attention has been focused on Iraq, a human-rights crisis has been unfolding in north Africa. In Darfur, Sudan, more than 50,000 people have been killed and 1.2 million displaced "
"British Prime Minister Tony Blair has had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and is doing well, Sky TV reported on Friday."
"Derek Lowe stats, news showed last year that he is still more than capable of making major contributions out of the bullpen when he struck out Terrence Long with the "
"Already No. 1 in the world, Vijay Singh felt like Public Enemy No. 1 in Canada."
"PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - About 790,000 people remain without power in Florida in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley, and officials estimate it could take weeks to get electricity fully restored..."
The mood at Vivendi Universal #39;s headquarters was distinctly upbeat during a Tuesday morning news conference here to announce the company #39;s first-half results -- despite the fact that 
"The executive board of the IOC will meet at 5am for the second day running, this time to take away the women #39;s shot put gold medal from Russian Irina Korzhanenko."
"The recording industry continued its onslaught of lawsuits against illegal filesharers yesterday, filing suit against hundreds of computer users who allegedly make music available online."
"New Delhi, Oct. 10. - Her association with India is nearly two decades old. She is someone who had inspired environmentalists here to think big."
"VANCOUVER, Wash. -- Magma continued to push into Mount St. Helens, where it was building a lava dome in the volcano crater, scientists said Monday."
"AFP - Federal Reserve policymakers lifted the federal funds rate a quarter point to 1.75 percent, saying the US economy has  quot;regained some traction quot; and no longer needs as much stimulus."
"Sun Microsystems Inc. on Monday unveiled an upgrade of its thin-client platform, which enables access to corporate applications and data through broadband-enabled home and satellite offices."
"Calcutta, India - South Africa #39;s Shaun Pollock became only the fifth player in Test history to take 300 wickets and score 3 000 runs on the fifth day of the second and final Test against India on Thursday."
LONDONPrime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government has taken the politically risky decision to send British troops to back up an expected US military assault on the Iraqi rebel stronghold of Falluja.
"Canadian Press - KINSHASA, Congo (AP) - U.N. forces and fighters of a tribal militia traded fire Sunday in Congo's lawless northeast Ituri province, wounding at least two U.N. troops, a U.N. spokesman said."
"ST. LOUIS -- Over time, Cal Eldred has learned to embrace the bullpen. The righthander came to the St. Louis Cardinals in the spring of 2003 looking to compete for a spot in the rotation. Before undergoing reconstructive elbow surgery, he had been a productive starter for the Brewers, and won 10 games for the White Sox in 2000."
"The Red Sox will play their 2005 season opener against the Yankees in New York April 4, then open their home schedule against the Yankees April 12, according to the preliminary schedule recently distributed to the 30 major league teams and union officials. The teams also are scheduled to end the regular season with a four-game series at Fenway Park ..."
New 1.8-inch hard drives may boost battery life in portable devices.
"BEIJING (Kyodo) Japan pressed North Korea on Sunday to provide fuller accounts of 10 Japanese who Tokyo says were abducted by Pyongyang agents, but the North did not provide new information as they wrapped up two days of talks, Japan #39;s chief delegate said "
"Sony has embarked on a potential collision course with music groups, including its own Sony BMG joint venture, over MP3 digital song files."
"AP - Russia's parliament is moving toward a vote this month on the Kyoto Protocol, action that could bring the international treaty on climate change into effect after years of delay, the deputy prime minister said Monday."
"After suffering through the worst season of his career, Redskins left tackle Chris Samuels is dedicated to returning to Pro Bowl form."
.Orion Multisystems said it would have two models of its Orion Cluster Workstation available at the end of the year that use up to 96 chips in a desktop-sized machine.
"An executive of Bermuda-based insurer ACE Ltd. (ACE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday pleaded guilty to a felony charge connected to New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s investigation of insurance companies."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq The military says insurgents in the Iraqi city of Ramadi have used a hospital to ambush US soldiers. However, officials for both the Ramadi General Hospital and Medical College rejected the claims."
"Still pushing for its big merger with Mandalay Resort Group (MBG ), casino giant MGM Mirage (MGG ) pulled another card out of its sleeve on Nov. 10 with a giant residential and casino project it claims will "
Telecommunications giant AT amp;T Corp. said on Wednesday that it will offer its CallVantage Internet-based phone service at consumer electronics retailer Circuit City Stores Inc.
"NewsFactor - Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) has announced new, faster iBooks, all of which include wireless networking, along with a new low-end, single-processor Power Mac that retails for US #36;1,500."
"The company's stock has had a rough few months, but the business still looks strong."
The US defends its decision not to sign up to the Kyoto climate change treaty with an attack on Europe's record.
"Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a weeks worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the "
"GAUHATI, India - Suspected separatists bombed a power line, a gas pipeline, a tea plantation and a crowded marketplace in northeastern India on Sunday, intensifying a campaign of violence that has killed more than 50 people and wounded at least 100 over the last two days.    The violence, affecting the states of Nagaland and Assam, was among the deadliest to hit the region, where more than three dozen insurgent groups have been active..."
Cazenove is planning to end 181 years of independence by announcing today it is creating a joint venture with the Wall Street investment bank JP Morgan Chase.
"Cable  amp; Wireless has agreed to sell its Japanese unit to Softbank for 72.4 million pounds. The deal, under which the Japanese Internet communications company will assume debt worth 9.5 million "
"Anti-virus specialist Symantec (Quote, Chart) late Thursday announced a deal to acquire privately held security consulting firm Stake."
Hot favourites the US will seek to restore lost American pride when they take on Belarus in a Davis Cup semi-final starting on Friday.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended barely higher on  Thursday, giving back some gains after a late spike in oil  prices dampened the effect of tame inflation data which had  boosted expectations of only measured interest rate hikes from  the Federal Reserve."
"AP - The Securities and Exchange Commission settled fraud charges Thursday against Van Wagoner Capital Management Inc., whose high-profile executives allegedly lied about the values of their mutual funds and broke laws meant to protect investors."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar dropped against most major  currencies on Friday, as analysts raised concerns about the  U.S. trade deficit number for July, which came in narrower than  expected, but was still fairly sizable."
" quot;I spoke to Howard about helping Leicester out and he #39;s accepted that situation, quot; Bassett said in an interview with Sky News."
"Office Depot Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson was ousted Monday from the world #39;s No. 2 office supplies retailer because of poor earnings and  quot;a lack of execution, quot; the Delray Beach-based company said."
"AFP - Britain has almost half a million homeless people, two non-governmental organisations said, describing the official number of 100,000 given by the government as the tip of the iceberg."
"Washington - With the US economy expanding at a respectable pace, companies hiring and consumers inclined to spend, Federal Reserve policy makers can feel comfortable about boosting short-term interest rates for a fourth time this year."
"com Fantasy Extra staff. Before the trading deadline at 5:00 pm ET on Oct. 19, the Cowboys traded No. 3 WR Antonio Bryant to the Browns for WR Quincy Morgan."
"AP - A French-American journalist has disappeared along with his Iraqi translator in the southern Iraqi city of Nasiriyah, the provincial deputy governor said Monday."
The computer chip giant's management on Thursady lowered the company's financial projections after concluding businesses and consumers aren't in a spending mood.
"AMD, Intel Corporation, Microsoft Corp. and Sun Microsystems have announced the publication of Web Services Management (WS-Management), a Web services specification that addresses the cost and complexity of "
The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. It #39;s like a free ride when you #39;ve already paid.
"CHICAGO, Sept. 24 (AP) - A federal bankruptcy court judge ruled against United Airlines on Friday in a procedural dispute with unions over employee pensions, ordering that its latest pension information filing be struck from the record."
" OTTAWA (Reuters) - Thomson Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOC.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TOC.TO&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday it  will sell its media division to investment group Investcorp in  a \$350 million cash deal that will tighten its focus on  electronic publishing."
"Adorned with Turkish and EU flags, Turkey #39;s newspapers hailed Thursday an official EU report recommending the country start talks to join the bloc, while largely ignoring the stringent conditions attached to the announcement."
"TARANTO, Italy -- A 37-year-old Dane has become the first transsexual golfer to qualify for the Ladies European Tour. Mianne Bagger said she #39;s naturally delighted to be able to finally fulfill a childhood ambition."
"TOKYO -- North Korea is likely improving its missile technology, and recent signs that it may be preparing to test a ballistic missile are troubling, a top US military official said Sunday."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the Boston Red Sox and New York  Yankees meet in Game Seven of the American League Championship  Series Wednesday the result could produce the greatest comeback  in Major League history.
"Amelie Mauresmo is the only French tennis player to be ranked No. 1, but she hasn #39;t lost sight of her goal -- a Grand Slam tournament title."
FOXBOROUGH -- It is highly unlikely the winless Miami Dolphins' season will conclude as an inverse of the undefeated 1972 team. To go 0-16 is as difficult as finishing 17-0. But this season's edition is well on its way to becoming one of the most futile in Miami's stellar history.
Sen. John McCain demands that Major League Baseball #39;s players and owners tighten the sport #39;s drug-testing policy to  quot;restore the integrity quot; of the game.
"ITHACA, NY Control of the Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity has gradually shifted from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, to Cornell University in upstate New York."
"Cairn Energy Plc, which plans to produce 80,000-1,00,000 barrel of crude oil per day from its Mangala and Aishwariya fields in Rajasthan, is disputing a tax that has been imposed on production."
"Analysis If the antitrust lawsuit that Novell filed against Microsoft comes to court, it will reopen long-forgotten battles over technologies that most of us will even have trouble remembering."
"GENEVA, Oct 15 (AFP) -- A senior World Health Organisation (WHO) official sharply criticised the shortfall in international aid for Sudan #39;s strife-torn region of Darfur, despite the amount of political and media attention devoted to the crisis."
"SAINT-DENIS, France -- Heikki Kovalainen of Finland beat world rally champion Sebastien Loeb of France to win the Race of Champions on Saturday."
"By the time Joel Statham walked into the Gossett Team House cafeteria around 8 pm last night, the delirious crowd had dispersed from the Byrd Stadium field."
A delegation from the Muslim Council of Britain has travelled to Baghdad to make a plea for the release of British captive Ken Bigley.
Presidential rivals Viktor Yushchenko and Viktor Yanukovych meet in a fresh bid to resolve the poll crisis.
"Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal\that could be worth as much as  #36;2 billion, the New York Times\reported on Friday."
Bettors give Bush a higher likelihood of victory than Kerry on websites that allow wagering on next week's election. But odds indicate that the race is still very close and whoever wins the crucial swing state of Ohio will likely prevail. By Joanna Glasner.
"US stocks were little changed on Thursday as an upbeat earnings report from chip maker National Semiconductor Corp. (NSM) sparked some buying, but higher oil prices limited gains."
"The Indian economy is poised for sustained economic growth of 7-8 per cent for the next ten years, Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram told participants in a keynote address at the opening session of the World Economic Forum #39;s 20th India Economic "
"AP - Russia's Cabinet approved the Kyoto Protocol on global warming Thursday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the pact  #151; despite U.S. opposition  #151; once the Russian parliament ratifies it as expected."
"ISRAELI Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz today ordered a closure of the West Bank and Gaza Strip during the upcoming Jewish holidays, a ministry spokeswoman said."
"On Friday, Microsoft issued its second Community Technology Preview (CTP) release of SQL Server 2005, while providing public testers with a new beta release as well, SQL Server 2005 Express Manager, a new, free database management tool."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq, Dec. 4 - Militants carried out deadly strikes in Baghdad and in the northern city of Mosul for the second day on Saturday, with suicide car bomb attacks on police stations and Kurdish militiamen "
The World Bank released its annual report on global economic prospects saying developing countries will register growth of 6.1 this year and just above 5 in 2005 and 2006.
"Microsoft Entering the Anti-Spyware Market\\Microsoft decided to enter the Anti-Virus market sometime back when they bought Romanian antivirus firm GeCad in 2003. And they have been testing the application privately since sometime. No details are out on when and how they will release it. And now, they are contemplating entering ..."
World champion Petter Solberg extended his Rally of Italy lead to almost a minute after winning the first three stages on Saturday.
AP - A fossilized jaw found in an Alberta gravel pit may have cleared up a mystery for researchers wondering how brown bears originally made it across North America.
"After more than 16 months of restructuring, Air Canada #39;s creditors overwhelming endorsed the airline #39;s new business plan during a meeting at a Montreal hotel Tuesday. "
"KUALA LUMPUR: A consortium comprising TM International, the international arm of Telekom Malaysia Bhd, and Singapore Technologies Telemedia, have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 stake in India #39;s leading cellular operator, IDEA "
Scientists working in China have discovered an ancient swimming predator with a neck nearly twice as long as its body. Neck ribs line the reptiles 5.5-foot-long (1.
"AP - A toxic algae bloom off the coast of Washington state has grown to about 30 miles wide, the largest and most potentially lethal algae yet found by scientists in the region."
" GREENSBORO, North Carolina, Oct 16 (Reuters) - British Open  winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the  third round of the Greensboro Classic Saturday."
Finance officials failed to resolve their differences over debt relief for the worlds poorest countries and Iraq while expressing concern about the impact high oil prices would have on a strengthening global economy.
" SOUTH BEND, Indiana (Sports Network) - True freshman Darius  Walker ran for 115 yards and a pair of fourth-quarter  touchdowns, leading Notre Dame to a 28-20 victory over  eighth-ranked Michigan at Notre Dame Stadium."
"MIAMI - Local officials agree that hurricane damage to Miami-Dade County this year was light, but the Federal Emergency Management Agency has approved more than \$20 million in residents' requests for aid.    Four hurricanes hit Florida in the summer, with Frances and Jeanne toppling some trees and causing some isolated power outages..."
NEW YORK : US share prices surged on Wednesday as bargain hunting and news of a peace deal in the Iraqi city of Najaf overcame all-time high oil prices and weak demand for the Google share float. 
"AFP - France, one of the harshest critics of the war that brought down Saddam Hussein, stressed it would not commit troops for Iraq despite appeals from the United States and United Nations."
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices jumped a dollar on Thursday  after the U.S. government said crude stocks fell to a fresh  five-month low last week and distillate fuel inventories barely  grew ahead of winter.
"The dollar is poised to decline against the euro, creating its longest losing streak in almost a year, a Bloomberg News survey indicates."
"A federal judge has denied a request by AMD (Quote, Chart) that Intel (Quote, Chart) turn over internal documents, the latest development in a long-running legal battle."
"NORTON -- Had the numbers shaken out a bit differently, spectators at today's third round of the Deutsche Bank Championship would have had some color with their morning coffee."
"SiliconValley.com - For SBC Communications, Wednesday's deal with Microsoft for software to deliver television programming to homes over high-speed lines is the latest broadside in the company's battle to compete with cable companies."
"When the National League Rookie of the Year is revealed Monday, fans will get a glimpse into whether or not the writers favored numbers or intangibles."
"Again, yesterday Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) warned about newly found security flaws in Windows that could allow an attacker to steal data on your PC."
"Tata group chairman Ratan Tata today said he would visit Bangladesh next month to discuss with government representatives the groups plan to invest \$2 billion to set up steel, power and fertiliser plants in the country."
Uruguayan midfielder Ruben Olivera scored his first Serie A goal in the 72nd minute Wednesday to help Juventus increase its Italian league lead to six points with a 1-0 win over rival Fiorentina.
"Reuters - As many as half of the Viagra\anti-impotence pills sold on the Internet could be counterfeit,\British scientists said on Tuesday."
"A small bomb exploded Saturday in northwestern Spain, causing no injuries, after a warning call was made in the name of the Basque separatist group "
Australia pledges US\$3.5m to help police catch those behind the bombing of its embassy in Indonesia. 
They were the first animals with backbones to walk on land. They witnessed the rise and fall of the dinosaurs and were present at the birth of a bipedal ape who went on to become 
"TOKYO Japanese retail sales rose in July after three months of declines, the government said Monday, as higher-than-usual temperatures spurred demand for summer clothing and drinks and as consumers bought televisions to watch the Olympics."
"Kmart Holding Corp., the US retailer which emerged from bankruptcy protection only 18 months ago, announced a 11 billion dollar merger with Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co, on Nov. 17, 2004."
"AT amp;T (NYSE: T) is without a doubt facing many challenges to its business, and therefore, it #39;s been looking at some burgeoning areas for growth, like voice over Internet protocol (VoIP)."
The free service pack is a major overhaul aimed at defeating a wide variety of security weaknesses that hackers have exploited. Microsoft says the easiest way to obtain 
"BERLIN -- A US tank company commander accused of killing a critically wounded Iraqi driver for radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr will be court-martialed, an Army spokesman said yesterday."
Financially struggling Interstate Bakeries Corp. early today filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization in the US Bankruptcy Court in Kansas City.
" DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Damascus has accused the United States  of interfering in the affairs of Lebanon and Syria, saying  Washington had brought undue pressure to force a U.N.  resolution last week on foreign influence in Lebanon."
Company is holding back high-speed fiber service out of fear that it will have to lease the links to rivals at below its own cost.
"Finn Jarkko Nieminen reignited his rise through the rankings on Friday, this time at the expense of third seed David Nalbandian 6-2 2-6 6-2 at the China Open."
"Valencia, Spain (Sports Network) - Valencia winger Vicente Rodriguez will be out for at least two weeks after spraining his ankle Wednesday."
Saudi Arabia said Friday it has advised the nation #39;s imams they should condemn terrorism and terrorists in prayers during the holy fasting month of Ramadan.
"LONDON : The euro approached its record high against the dollar as markets waited nervously for data on US capital flows, amid concerns about how the United States will fund its huge trade deficit."
Houston Astros starting pitcher Roger Clemens reacts after Astros catcher Brad Ausmus picked off St. Louis Cardinals Tony Womack at first base in the fifth inning during Game 7 of the NL championship series at Busch Stadium in St.
YOU have read about the alternative Internet browser that is known as Firefox. Here #39;s an easy guide to it. Nothing. Firefox is the collective product of volunteer programmers in what is known as the open-source community.
AP - Colorado could end up writing an ugly sequel to the Florida election nightmare of four years ago.
"Gold Fields has made a secret offer to buy out its largest shareholder as a last-ditch defence against a hostile \$8.1bn (4.35bn) bid from Harmony, its rival South African gold producer."
"AP - Microsoft Corp. shareholders on Tuesday approved changes to the company's stock compensation plans, clearing the way for the software giant to award a one-time,  #36;3-per-share dividend that will cost the company an estimated  #36;32 billion."
The Chinese local governments have closed 1600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100m yuan (\$12m) between February and August this year.
Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war\over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and\called for measures to curb such groups.
"CANNES - Despite the number of IT security products and services cramming the market, businesses are more exposed than ever to emerging threats, according to industry experts speaking at the Etre technology conference in Cannes on Tuesday."
"A Microsoft Corp. division that competes head-to-head with the open-source Linux operating system posted sharply improved financial results, helping to fuel a strong quarter for the Redmond software company."
Felipe Lopez gave the Cincinnati Reds the lead in the sixth inning with his bat and made sure they kept it in the ninth with his glove.
"AP - Vernon Wells went 3-for-4 with a homer, and David Ortiz also homered for the touring major leaguers in a 5-0 victory over the Japanese All-Stars."
CAIRO -- Jalila finally tracked down the terrorists who stole plutonium from the nuclear power plant where she worked. They had set up a camp right outside her native City of All Faiths and were clearly up to no good.
Wondering what your shiny new Nintendo DS looks like on the inside? Lik Sang saves you the trouble--and voided warranty--with a new online...
"Las Vegas, NV (Sports Network) - The middleweight megafight billed as the  quot;Quest for History quot; between undisputed champion Bernard Hopkins and the Golden Boy of boxing, Oscar De La Hoya, is just a day away."
"Though Omnivision's future isn't fully in focus, this camera chip maker looks set to turn megapixels into megaprofits."
"Colombia #39;s Juan Pablo Montoya won Sunday #39;s Brazilian Grand Prix, foiling the hopes of native son Rubens Barrichello and his Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher of Germany."
"British Prime Minister Tony Blair has reacted to a barrage of criticism from politicians, analysts and national newspapers for considering a US request to deploy troops in Baghdad."
"Roger Clemens can relax. For now, Pete Munro is the Houston Astros' pick to pitch them into the World Series."
 LONDON (Reuters) - The first vending machines to sell music  downloads are to be introduced in London next month as Britons  continue to turn their backs on traditional methods of buying  singles.
"WASHINGTON - The Senate on Sunday removed the last major hurdle stalling passage of the most sweeping overhaul of corporate taxes in nearly two decades.    By a 66-14 vote, lawmakers agreed to end the delaying tactics used by opponents of the tax bill..."
"Aircraft will not be allowed to make low-level flights over key London landmarks under new anti-terrorism rules which are to become effective on Oct. 27, the British government said on Friday."
roundup Plus: Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades...Corel updates Painter...Hyperion targets broader base...JBoss ships J2EE app server.
Swede Robin Soderling clinched the first ATP Tour title of his career when he tamed Belgium #39;s Xavier Malisse 6-2 3-6 6-4 in the final of the Lyon Grand Prix on Sunday.
A European Union judge will weigh on Friday whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music and video player from its Windows operating software 
"Hee-Won Han of South Korea hit a beautiful second shot on the first playoff hole, then sank a 4-foot birdie putt to beat Lorie Kane of Canada and win the Safeway Classic."
"Honda look set to become further involved with BAR, with them either buying the team outright, or becoming a co-owner. According to reports on BBC Sport Online a deal is all but agreed."
AP - The bombing of a U.N. election office in Afghanistan that injuring six policemen drew calls from a U.N. union Friday for a withdrawal of staffers from the embattled nation.
"AP - Five more locked-out NHL players agreed Saturday to play in Europe, bringing the total to 185."
"AP - A failed European mission to land a probe on Mars last year was hampered by late funding from the British government and tensions between groups conducting the flight, a parliamentary committee said Tuesday."
"AP - Swiss justice authorities have blocked bank accounts containing  #36;100 million in an investigation of an alleged bribery scandal tied to a subsidiary of Halliburton Co., the oil services company formerly headed by U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney."
 DAMASCUS (Reuters) - A bomb killed a Hamas official in  Damascus on Sunday when it tore through his car. Israel's  Channel Two television said Israel was behind the death and the  Palestinian militant group vowed revenge.
United Nations: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has termed the US-led invasion of Iraq  quot;illegal quot; as it contravened the world body #39;s charter and said he feared  quot;credible quot; elections in that country as planned were unlikely to take place given the present 
"Reuters - China will maintain a stable monetary\and yuan policy as it tries to keep inflation in check, state\media cited a central banker as saying, amid resurgent\speculation Beijing may tinker with the rigidly held currency."
"ST. LOUIS -- Fed up with his underachieving Rams team, Mike Martz last week did something that was both uncharacteristic for him, and by today #39;s NFL head-coaching standards, rather unconventional."
"French technology firm Thomson (TMS.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would join Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc."
The recording industry on Thursday filed another round of copyright infringement lawsuits against people it said were illegally distributing songs over the Internet.
"Samsung has ordered a chunk of Near Field Communication chips from Philips. Like DoCoMo #39;s FeliCa, these chips are primarily expected to be used in mobile banking applications, but can be used for tickets, electronic locks and more."
"The death of a fourth Black Watch soldier in Iraq has made the troops more determined to complete their mission, a spokesman says."
"While being interviewed by Eagle County, Colo., police after his sexual encounter with a hotel employee, Lakers star Kobe Bryant said Shaquille O #39;Neal had paid up to \$1 million to women to keep them quiet about  quot;situations like this, quot; the Los Angeles "
"Northeastern sparkled in its 2004-05 hockey debut last night, stunning Michigan, 4-2, at the Lefty McFadden Invitational in Dayton, Ohio."
The operation was carried out by a team of Special Task Force of Tamil Nadu police at Papparapatti village in Dharmapuri district of the state.
"or about the size of the planet Neptune, say astronomers from the University of Texas and two other institutions."
"America Online has partnered with and taken a minority investment in travel search player Kayak Software. The two will build an AOL-owned travel search site, to launch in early 2005, which will be powered by Kayak #39;s technology."
"AP - Peyton Manning broke one of Dan Marino's records, took a big step toward another and didn't even have to play the whole game to do it. Manning threw for six touchdowns in less than three quarters and raised his season total to 41 scoring passes to lead the Indianapolis Colts past the Detroit Lions 41-9 Thursday."
"The recording industry launched a new round of lawsuits against illegal downloading Thursday (Sept. 30), the same day negotiations intensified between copyright "
AP - Hal Sutton had a good idea what kind of U.S. team he would take to the Ryder Cup. All that changed in the final round of the PGA Championship.
AP - A shipbuilder has agreed to stop using golfer Tiger Woods' name and a photograph of his yacht for financial gain.
"New Delhi: American nanotechnology researchers at the University of Illinois have demonstrated a tiny, implantable detector that could one day allow diabetics to monitor their glucose levels continuously without ever having to draw a blood sample."
"French media giant Vivendi Universal reported a second quarter net loss of 1.852 billion euros (2.3 billion dollars), six times larger than the 313-million-euro shortfall in the same period last year."
"Hurricane Frances will hurt sales and profits at Federated Department Stores Inc., the retailer said Tuesday. The Lazarus-Macy #39;s parent estimates it will lose \$20 million in sales, while "
"AP - Once considered a rebuilding project, the Carolina Panthers' offensive line has become a concern as injuries mount."
Search engine giant Google is going to make it easy for book lovers to search though pages of books online and read a few pages too.
"Frank Quattrone, whose deal making made him an investment banking star during the Internet stock bubble and a multimillionaire, was sentenced yesterday to 18 months in prison for obstructing justice. The sentence makes Quattrone, 48, the most prominent Wall Street figure since junk-bond king Michael Milken to face time behind bars."
KUALA LUMPUR: Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri on Tuesday called on New Delhi to seriously consider President Pervez Musharrafs new proposal aimed at resolving the Kashmir issue.
"Southeast Asia #39;s stock markets were among the world #39;s best performers as the fourth quarter began. Christopher Wood, the top Asia strategist in Institutional Investor #39;s fund-manager survey last year, is betting the gains are just starting."
"The Catholic shrine of Lourdes yesterday opened a special bank account and appealed for donations from the faithful after it emerged that last weekend #39;s visit by the Pope had left it with a 1.2m (812,000) deficit. "
"AP - President Pervez Musharraf is testing public opinion before he makes a final decision about whether he will stay on as army chief, the Pakistani leader said in a newspaper interview published on Friday."
"In Denmark, Gates outlines effort to trim data managment costs, new Windows update service. Also: Angling for Novell users."
"Corey Patterson smacked a two-out, two-run home run in the ninth inning Wednesday to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 4-2 victory and complete a sweep of the Milwaukee Brewers."
"Reuters - Global warming is melting the Arctic\ice faster than expected, and the world's oceans could rise by\about a meter (3 feet) by 2100, swamping homes from Bangladesh\to Florida, the head of a study said on Tuesday."
" MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. oil major ConocoPhillips launched a  \$628 million two-day tender to boost its stake in new Russian  strategic partner LUKOIL to 10 percent, the U.S. firm said on  Thursday."
Rob Glaser and his geek pals from Microsoft wanted to revive pro bowling. So they bought the whole damned league. By Tom McNichol from Wired magazine.
CARLOS Queiroz believes that the Spanish crowd #39;s racist chants sparked off the ugly scenes on the field between Spain and England.
"In ''The Art of the Start, quot; author Guy Kawasaki has accomplished something rare: He's written a how-to business book that is simultaneously smart, practical, and fun to read. There's lots of useful information in this book for start-up entrepreneurs."
"Epson has announced that the world #39;s first digital rangefinder camera, the R-D1 is to begin shipping in the US on November 1 and is expected to cost around \$2,999."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed little changed on  Monday as investors paused for breath following significant  gains in the market so far this month, while lower oil prices  weighed on energy shares, including Exxon Mobil Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=XOM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;XOM.N&lt;/A&gt;."
"Third-quarter net profit at insurance and banking group Allianz AG dipped to euro539 million (US\$669 million), the company said Friday, but the result included an improved performance by the Dresdner Bank subsidiary and exceeded analysts #39; expectations."
By JENNIFER C. KERR    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Federal regulators approved new rules Thursday aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans...
"Reuters - China has intensified its battle\against Internet and mobile phone pornography by threatening\distributors with life in prison, Xinhua news agency said."
"A lawmaker who defied Syria and voted against extending President Emile Lahoud #39;s term survived an assassination attempt Friday when a parked, explosives-rigged vehicle blew up in Beirut."
"Ryan Giggs joined an elite band of Manchester United players in chalking up his 600th appearance for the club. Giggs, 30, joined Sir Bobby Charlton (759) and Bill Foulkes (688) among United players to pass the landmark in the 2-1 defeat of Liverpool."
"AP - Cherish Stringfield led five Vanderbilt women in double figures, scoring 19 points to lead the No. 14 Commodores over Rhode Island 108-53 Friday."
AFP - The European Union called on China at a summit to rein in its textile exports after international quotas are scrapped next year.
The European Union has formally taken over peacekeeping duties in Bosnia-Herzegovina from NATO. EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and NATO head Jaap de Hoop 
"Susan Hockfield, a 53-year-old neuroscientist, is the first woman and the first person from the life sciences to achieve the presidency."
"Officials at EarthLink (Quote, Chart) rolled out an expansion of its VoIP (define) service for broadband users Tuesday, giving its 1.2 million high-speed users unlimited free calls to other SIP-enabled (define) phones."
"Several of Saddam Hussein #39;s jailed deputies have been refusing food but Saddam himself is not on hunger strike on the eve of the first anniversary of his capture, an officer in charge of detainees said on Sunday."
"Archos, has launched an ultra small MP3 player to not only challenge the iPod, but also the iPod Mini. The player - entitled the Gmini XS200 measures just 7.6 x 5.9 x 1.9cm and weights 120g even though it can store up to 5,000 songs."
"Formula one was thrown into crisis yesterday when the Jaguar team were put up for sale by their owner Ford along with Cosworth Racing, the Northampton-based specialist which also supplies engines to Jordan and Minardi."
" TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran said on Tuesday it was now able to  manufacture large quantities of its medium-range Shahab-3  ballistic missile, which defense experts say is capable of  hitting Israel or U.S. bases in the Gulf."
"A militant group in Iraq claimedthat it had executed two Macedonians accused of spying for USforces, pan-Arab al-Jazeera TV reported Monday."
" VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC on Wednesday lifted oil supply  quotas by one million barrels a day, four percent, in a renewed  bid to force down stubbornly high world crude prices."
AP - Microsoft Corp. plans a Dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools.
"EDMONTON - A comprehensive scientific study of the Arctic climate has confirmed what Canadian Dene and Inuit have been saying for years: the North is melting, and faster all the time."
"USATODAY.com - Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers."
"OK, maybe after today #39;s announcement, and Justin King #39;s 400 million revival plan for the struggling supermarket chain, it is hard to vindicate the decisions of his predecessor."
"Low-cost carrier Southwest Airlines on Friday said it was examining a move into Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, the main base for American Airlines, which would be dealt a blow if the move happened."
"GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Brett Favre will be hoping his 200th consecutive start turns out better than his last two have against the St."
"The Oreo, America's best-selling cookie, is getting an unusual makeover. Nabisco Corp. is trying to develop an Oreo that looks and tastes exactly like it does now, but without the artery-clogging trans fat that can significantly increase the risk of coronary heart disease."
"Starbucks is expanding its digital music service to coffee shops in Seattle and Austin, Texas, this month. The service, called the Hear Media music bar, will be available at 15 Starbucks stores in Seattle starting on Monday."
"BAGHDAD, IraqA Turkish contractor and an Iraqi Kurdish translator were beheaded on a video posted on the Internet yesterday, and a statement said they had been taken captive by the Ansar al-Sunna Army - the same group that killed 12 Nepalese hostages "
"MOSCOW - President Vladimir Putin on Monday demanded an overhaul of Russia's political system, including an end to the direct popular election of governors, saying the changes were needed to combat terrorism.    Critics charged the Russian leader was using the bloody outcome of the Beslan school siege to grab more power..."
"At the annual gathering in Cannes, France next week, Gartner analyst Alexander Linden will identify several of the long-term technology trends and innovations whose seeds were sown in the days of the tech bubble."
"MOBILE, Ala. (SportsTicker) - After having the door opened for her, Heather Daly-Donofrio is walking right in. Ineligible to participate in the past, Daly-Donofrio carded an 8-under-par 64 in Saturday #39;s "
"Prime Minister John Howard doesn #39;t have one new Tampa #39; #39; heading into next month #39;s Australian election, but two. The MV Tampa was the vessel Howard #39;s party rode to victory in November 2001, figuratively speaking."
"ISLAMABAD, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- A Pakistani religious leader, allegedly linked with the al-Qaeda terrorist network, has died here in police custody, local media reported Thursday. "
AP - It wasn't hard for college basketball coaches to get to know NCAA president Myles Brand. He went and met them.
China signed contracts Monday worth nearly \$2.1 billion to buy 23 Airbus jetliners and other German industrial goods. The \$1.3 billion Airbus deal calls for a state company that 
"ATHENS, GREECE - The United States Olympic Committee pumped renewed fury into the Paul Hamm gymnastics saga on Friday, slamming the International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) for asking Hamm to return his gold medal."
"BO THONG, THAILAND - Thailand #39;s prime minister has admitted that the army made mistakes dealing with an anti-government demonstration that left dozens of people dead."
"AP - The Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos. unveiled plans Thursday to merge its two holding companies after nearly a century apart, a response to a scandal over its downgrading of oil reserves. The company, which posted third-quarter profits double those of a year ago, also warned it might further reduce its proven oil reserves."
"The chance of Harmony succeeding in its hostile bid for Gold Fields was starting to fade, analysts said yesterday after Harmony received about a third of the shares it had hoped "
"South African PC demand looks set to keep pace with the good worldwide demand, with rand strength, product bundling "
"Sen. Barbara Mikulski tried out a new touch-screen voting machine that was displayed at a local festival and got an erroneous result, an aide said."
"Although Joe Gibbs is back in Washington, we're unlikely to see any elements of his offensive system on display until Opening Day."
"Five months ago, Danny Williams beat a shadow. Tonight, he'll try to beat a mountain. Don't bet against the mountain."
Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen has denied former head coach Jacques Santinis claim that there was a rift between them at White Hart Lane.
"toothfish, dubbed the  quot;white gold quot; of the sea, which is being driven to extinction by rampant poaching. other threatened species, quot; the US-based National Environment Trust (NET) said in a report on Thursday."
"With an Oracle buyout looking likely, software-maintenance start-up TomorrowNow's phone is ringing off the hook."
"Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf has categorically stated that Pakistan #39;s Kashmir policy has not been changed and whatever options he presents, should be seen as various ways to resolve this outstanding imbroglio."
"MIAMI Nov 16, 2004 - The Internet auction house eBay Inc. reversed itself Tuesday and is allowing bids for half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich that its owner says bears the image of the Virgin Mary."
"Marc Eddy threw three touchdown passes in Bentley's 42-7 Northeast-10 victory over American International yesterday in Springfield, breaking or tying school, New England, and national records in the process."
Users of Red Hat Linux have been targeted by a fraudulent electronic mail advising recipients to install a  quot;security update quot; containing mailicious code.
just one short of the figure in April which was the highest monthly toll so far. The US military says it expects violence to escalate before elections scheduled for January 30.
"Netflix, PalmSource, Research In Motion, TiVo and Vonage have great products and were first to market, but can they hold their leads?"
"In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp. #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names."
"Natalia Rudiak of Carrick could not figure out why her trusted laptop was acting sluggish and sometimes unresponsive. Then it crashed, and she was forced to find "
Europe #39;s Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer has emphasised the strength of his players #39; team spirit ahead of Friday #39;s first day.
Bond investors are less inclined to buy the benchmark 10-year US Treasury note after the security had its biggest weekly rally since September and before the Federal Reserve #39;s expected interest-rate increase this week.
"Japanese 10-year bonds fell after the US government said retail sales rose more than expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow."
AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. opened a store in Hawaii on Wednesday with hundreds of eager shoppers rushing past a handful of protesters who accuse the giant retailer of desecrating ancient gravesites.
" DALLAS (Reuters) - American Airlines' parent AMR Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said record-high fuel costs pushed it to a  hefty third-quarter loss and warned it must cut costs and find  new revenue sources to survive in a world of soaring oil  prices."
 NEW YORK (Billboard) - The next wave of iPod competitors is  coming.
"ATHENS, Greece Aug. 18, 2004  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou pulled out of the Athens Games on Wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a drug test and were later hospitalized following a suspicious motorcycle crash. "
"Tony Womack has his winter planned. The Cardinals second baseman will not only rest following a long season, he will heal."
"Bombs have exploded at three banks in the Argentine capital, two owned by US giant Citibank, killing one man and injuring a bomb disposal expert - but police said the identity of the attackers remained a mystery."
"Sure, Boston College may have improved its chances for a Big East title, a berth in the Bowl Championship Series, and a \$2.5 million payout with its 36-17 victory over No. 13 West Virginia Saturday at Mountaineer Field. But BC coach Tom O'Brien cautioned his team yesterday that there remained much work to do before the Eagles could begin planning ..."
Reuters - The ball burst on impact when midfielder Walter Baseggio scored Anderlecht's equaliser in their 2-1 home win\over La Louviere in the Belgian first division.
"AP - Massachusetts Republicans, while supportive of President Bush's re-election, are mindful of the opportunity created should John Kerry beat him in November's election: the state's first Senate vacancy in two decades and a chance to break the Democratic monopoly on its 12-member delegation in Congress."
 SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun  called newly re-elected President Bush and won his agreement  that ending the nuclear crisis involving the isolated communist  North should be a goal of his second term in office.
Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Thousands of police on Monday were guarding a country road outside a village in central China where eyewitnesses said rioting between hundreds of members of the Han ethnic majority and Hui Muslims killed at least seven 
"AFP - British Airways said it planned to cancel almost 1,000 flights in the next three months."
Canadian wireless operator Rogers Wireless Communications has launched a takeover of competitor Microcell. The combined company would have more than 5.1 million voice and data subscribers in Canada.
"Florida growers will pick far fewer oranges and grapefruits this season than last after hurricanes devastated crops in the state, where most US citrus is grown, the government said Tuesday."
Carlton Fisk in 1975. David Ortiz in 2004. Twelfth inning both times. Hold on to those tickets for this afternoon's fifth game of the American League Championship Series. The left-for-dead Red Sox are still breathing.
"NEW YORK - Amid the bustle of the New York clubhouse, Mariano Rivera's untouched locker stood out as a reminder that the New York Yankees might be without their best pitcher in the opener of the American League championship series.    Rivera flew home to Puerto Caimito, Panama, after two family members were electrocuted in his pool, leaving the possibility that he might not be available for Game 1 of the ALCS against the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday..."
Iraq #39;s elections were thrown into renewed doubt only days after the interim government won international backing for its decision to hold the poll at the end of January.
"Reuters - Four big banks face a U.S. Securities\and Exchange Commission probe of their auction-rate bond\operations, a securities filing shows."
Oil prices rose 2 percent yesterday on the back of a rally in heating oil and natural gas futures that was supported by colder weather in the Western Hemisphere.
AP - Orioles pitcher Jorge Julio received a four-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Friday for throwing a pitch that nearly hit Minnesota's Augie Ojeda in the head.
Auto retailer reports that profit fell 6 percent in the third quarter as sales of new cars declined. DETROIT (Reuters) - Auto retailer CarMax Inc.
AP - Things are going so well with the surprising San Diego Chargers that they're asking season-ticket holders for playoff deposits and one of their least-known players is dating Pamela Anderson.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Britain's Tanni Grey-Thompson bounced  back from a disappointing show in the 800 meters to take gold  in the T53 100 meters Thursday.
Evgeni Plushenko and Irina Slutskaya delighted the home crowd Saturday by winning the Cup of Russia with superb free skating programs in Moscow.
"The Dutch brewing company Heineken reported a rise in first half sales on Wednesday but said net profit fell 27 percent, due in part to the weaker dollar."
"Fannie Mae wanted to look very safe. But to do that it cut accounting corners, two regulatory agencies have now concluded. And that has severely damaged the image of the mortgage lender and its management."
"\\""On Tuesday, Cheney, serving in his role as president of the Senate, appeared in\the chamber for a photo session. A chance meeting with Sen. Patrick J. Leahy\(Vt.), the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, became an argument about\Cheney's ties to Halliburton Co., an international energy services corporation,\and President Bush's judicial nominees. The exchange ended when Cheney offered\some crass advice.\\'Fuck yourself,' said the man who is a heartbeat from the presidency.""\\Wonder what the moral majority has to say about this?\\It isn't profanity!  Its a freedom praise!\\"
Just four insurgents tied down a Marine company for hours in a nighttime battle.
"Bomb and gun attacks targeting Iraqi police killed at least 59 people Tuesday, marking the deadliest day in Baghdad in six months and continuing an increase of violence across the northern part of the country."
"ATHENS (Reuters) - A medical examiner has found that Greek sprinter Katerina Thanou, who was in hospital with fellow athlete Costas Kenteris, had no injuries, a judicial source said on Tuesday. "
Celtic will put Henri Camara and John Hartson together up front on Tuesday to face the might of Barcelona and Martin ONeill has no doubts about the partnership after seeing them destroy Dundee on Saturday.
"Beginning next week, users who pay Symantec to manage their security infrastructures will be able to get extensive information on global cyberthreats and threats particular to their IT systems."
"A versatile portable device can play a role in tests, note-taking and homework, and even act as a blackboard."
"Researchers at a British university say they have seen monkeys in South America using stones to dig for food in the wild, a use of tools never previously seen in non-human species."
"After Randy Johnson of the Diamondbacks struck out Vinny Castilla in the seventh for career whiff No. 4,137, play was interrupted momentarily while the scoreboard flashed the statistics."
"AP - Police arrested more than 150 people and seized computers holding more than 2 million images of child pornography in Australia's biggest crackdown yet on child porn, police said Thursday."
The Swiss-based Phonak team said Wednesday it is contesting the International Cycling Union #39;s decision to refuse it a racing licence amid a doping scandal.
"A 1-yard touchdown dive by John McCoy with 45 seconds remaining yesterday sparked New Hampshire to a 33-27 win over Hofstra in Durham, N.H."
"The chief prosecutor at the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague, Carla Del Ponte, has told the BBC that  quot;all possible measures quot; should be taken against Serbia over Belgrade #39;s reluctance to arrest those indicted for crimes in the former Yugoslavia."
AP - Sen. John Kerry's campaign released a video Saturday comparing the controversy over Kerry's Vietnam service to attacks on John McCain during the 2000 Republican primaries.
Reuters - The International Monetary Fund's\top policy-making group failed on Saturday to close divisions\over debt relief for the world's poorest countries.
"The record series of four hurricanes that hit Florida in recent weeks has ended NASA #39;s hopes of returning the space shuttles to flight in March 2005, NASA announced on Friday."
Experts expect the Bank of England to leave interest rates on hold at 4.75 on Thursday.
" FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Market research firm IDC has raised  its 2004 forecast for global personal computer sales growth to  14.2 percent from 13.5 percent, driven by high commercial  demand, it said on Monday."
"Nearly a thousand people are dead or missing in flash floods and landslides that have devastated a large section of the northern Philippines, rescue officials said."
"The reflection in the rear-view mirror to be afforded by a trial due to open in Delaware on Wednesday will not be a pretty sight. It is expected to show in slow motion, during a hearing expected to last four "
Lazard is moving towards a flotation that could raise \$3billion and overhaul the complex structure of the powerful investment bank.
"Video cameras with three charge-coupled devices, or C.C.D.'s, can produce broadcast-quality images unattainable with a single-C.C.D. model. A look at four cameras."
"WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. - With memories of 2000 and its bitter fight over ballots still fresh, citizens began casting votes Monday in this pivotal battleground state..."
"After 18 months of leaks, slurs and broken reputations the biggest doping scandal in sports history took its most dramatic twist yesterday when the man at the centre of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative investigation claimed he had devised and "
"More than 40 of wired Americans have used the net for information about the US election, a study finds."
"US forces stepped up operations Tuesday across a wide swath of the Sunni insurgent strongholds northwest of the capital, pounding targets "
"HOLLYWOOD studios are locked in a battle over adopting a standard for high-definition Digital Video Disc technology, in an apparent replay of the 1980s struggle between VHS and Betamax video formats."
MINNEAPOLIS -- A Minnesota health insurer says it won't pay the bill when doctors make serious mistakes -- apparently the first time an insurer has taken such a hard-line stand against medical errors.
"First came the swing, then the launch and then the sound of 52,347 turning Busch Stadium into a deafening caldron. Then, having given the Cardinals an eighth-inning home run that "
"NewsFactor - Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Service Pack 2 for Windows XP is one of the company's most ambitious operating system updates ever, and -- as expected -- some experts already have discovered security vulnerabilities in the giant patch."
"AP - The astronauts aboard the international space station got their broken oxygen generator running after three tries Friday, but the machine shut down again after barely an hour of operation."
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) has approved a wireless standard that will expand international Wi-Fi roaming to Japan.
A successful bid by ConocoPhillips of the US for 7.96 per cent in Lukoil this week belies a broader sense of disappointment at the size of Russia-bound foreign direct investment (FDI).
"Tiger Woods will lose money but gain a greater prize in his latest trip to a golf course. Richard Alleyne reports from Barbados. If you are the world #39;s richest and most obsessive golfer, where better to get "
Aaron Polanco's ability to run Navy's option offense will be the key to the Mids' attempt to defeat Notre Dame for the first time in 40 tries this Saturday.
" SYDNEY (Reuters) - OPEC may set a new target range for oil  prices next week and would like to see crude down from current  lofty levels closer to \$30 a barrel, the head of the producers'  cartel said on Wednesday."
"Florida has officially found its bowl. Now, it just needs to find its coach. The Gators accepted an invitation to play either Virginia Tech or Miami in Atlanta #39;s Peach Bowl on Dec. 31."
&lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; 'What unadulterated bollocks'
Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan held onto its secrets despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras and instruments.
A new study finds that technologies already exist to solve the problem of global warming. It says strategies employing these technologies over the next fifty years could put the brakes on rising levels of 
"Top seed Amelie Mauresmo won her fourth title of the year with a comprehensive victory over Elena Bovina at the Generali Open in Linz, Austria."
"AP - Kobe Bryant can go on as a basketball superstar, but his squeaky-clean image is gone forever."
Israeli helicopters fired eight rockets in Gaza City in response to an earlier attack by Hamas movement against an Israeli army post on the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt.
"An Oscar voter is fined 300,000 after copies of movies he was sent ended up on the internet."
"Drilling is a messy business. Drilling fluid is anything but sterile. For most drilling applications, that's no problem. But when astronauts drill for life on Mars, they need to be sure that the bacteria they find really do come from underground."
"John Kerry is a meticulous decision maker, always demanding more information, calling around for advice. But the downside to his deliberative style is a campaign that has often moved slowly."
Captured video shows what appears to be Iraqi insurgents preparing for battle and attacking US forces.
"Dozens of oil scoopers had died in an oil pipeline explosion on the outskirts of Lagos, Nigeria #39;s largest city, police and witnesses said on Friday."
"SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Under pressure to boost investor interest ahead of aA\$30 billion share sale, Australia #39;s largest telephone company Telstra Corp."
It won #39;t be long before the Red Sox #39;s historic World Series win is immortalized in the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown.
ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines' pilots union agreed yesterday to allow the struggling carrier to bring pilots out of retirement on a limited basis to deal with staff shortages that threaten to ground flights.
"IBM #39;s new WebSphere release, Version 6, automatically troubleshoots systems and identifies network glitches that could lead to power outages."
"ST. LOUIS -- Marshall Faulk and Emmitt Smith, members of what Faulk jokingly referred to as the  quot;Over 30 club, quot; quieted any talk about last hurrahs. Faulk, 31, shared time with St. Louis Rams first-round pick Steven Jackson in yesterday's 17-10 victory over the Arizona Cardinals. But Faulk, who had two knee operations in the last year, carried the load ..."
Michael Vick throws a 27-yard scoring pass to Alge Crumpler with 1:22 remaining to finish Atlanta's rally with a 24-21 triumph over the Saints.
"Israel's demolition of Palestinian homes is illegal and militarily unjustified, claims a report by Human Right Watch."
"The biggest drop in oil prices in three years lit a fire under stocks yesterday, boosting the markets near their 2004 highs. Crude plummeted \$3.64 to \$45.49 a barrel after the government reported "
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor  of the Kazaa file-sharing software, on Monday launched its  latest version which enables users to make free online calls  anywhere in the world."
"South African Deputy President Jacob Zuma has been linked to a multimillion-dollar arms payoff at a trial in Johannesburg, the Times of London said Tuesday."
"UK workers' top choice for a new Bank Holiday would be a Monday in late October, an online survey finds."
Lenny Wilkens gained some job security despite coaching without a hand-picked assistant for the first time in his career as the New York Knicks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 96-88 Tuesday night.
"Bagshot, England - Jason Robinson has said he was stunned to be made England captain for Saturday #39;s Test against Canada at Twickenham."
" LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell, the yen and dollar  wilted and benchmark government bond yields scraped against  multi-month lows on Thursday as high oil prices continued to  worry global financial markets."
"The 1.2 pound Sony Vaio U is powered by a 1.1GHz Intel Pentium M 733 processor, 512MB of RAM, and a 20GB, 1.8-inch hard drive."
"SURGING demand in heavy construction should outweigh any downturn in new home building, according to OneSteel and Boral. "
"Online gaming and sports content firm UK Betting reduces its first-half losses, helped by cost cuts and big events like Euro 2004. "
"A CAR bomb exploded outside an air base used by US forces near Dijiel, about 40km north of Baghdad, the US military and police said."
"A rocket attack killed one Pakistani paramilitary soldier and wounded eight more, three of them seriously, in the western tribal region where troops are hunting al Qaeda-linked militants, officials said on Sunday."
"And so it goes for poor, poor Notre Dame in the aftermath of losing its dream coach -- Pope Urban IX -- to those soul-less sinners down in Florida."
"Down, 20-7, the Boston College players got together at halftime yesterday and decided they didn #39;t want to go down quietly, see their three-game winning streak against Notre "
"London, England (Sports Network) - Captain John Terry signed a fresh contract with Chelsea Tuesday that will keep him with the club until 2009."
Home mortgage lender Fannie Mae on Wednesday said the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight uncovered accounting inaccuracies that raise doubts about the company #39;s previous financial reports.
"NEW YORK, Oct 11 (AFP) - World oil prices scaled record peaks Monday, rising on concern over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers Nigeria and Norway."
"The presidential election took center stage this week, with technology playing a role everywhere from e-voting machines to Web sites that tracked the election results."
"In the biggest game of the season so far, Arsenal host Chelsea at Highbury. The country #39;s two best sides go head to head in a game that will have a massive impact on where the title ends up this season."
The Ukrainian four-woman rowing team is stripped of its bronze medal Thursday after one member tests positive for a banned drug.
Reuters - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell to a\one-week low by midsession on Thursday after some tech issues\were hit by a bearish outlook from U.S. chip maker Xilinx Inc.
"Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday reported significant gains in earnings and revenue for its fiscal 2005 first quarter that met analyst expectations.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?"" width=""1"" height=""1"" border=""0""/&gt;&lt;a href=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;11714255;9651165;g?http://infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0101035400730403idlp""&gt;SBC Datacomm White Paper&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Find out how Crate   Barrel expects to save \$180,000 by moving to VoIP, compared to a traditional PBX.&lt;/p&gt;"
Paul Broadhurst is in the hunt for his first European Tour win for nine years after adding a 65 to his opening 67 in the Madrid Open yesterday.
Manchester City are actively seeking a replacement for manager Kevin Keegan who is leaving at the end of next season when his contract expires after five years at the Premier League club.
"BRASILIA -- Burning of the Amazon and other forests accounts for three quarters of Brazil's greenhouse gas emissions and has made the country one of the leading polluters in the world, a long-delayed government report said yesterday."
"AFP - An investigation has been launched into the death of a British tourist whose body was found near Australia's famed Ayers Rock 36 hours after she went missing, police said."
"Brazil #39;s Rubens Barrichello won the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday, overcoming an unscheduled pit stop to finish 1.3 seconds ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher in a 1-2 finish for the Italian team on its home circuit."
Boston Latin over Acton-Boxboro -- Please take this prediction cum grano salis. Wilmington over Pentucket -- The always accurate Boston.com 100 has Wilmington (No. 37) ranked over Pentucket (39). Can't argue with that.
Sanath Jayasuriya took five for 17 to lead Sri Lanka to an emphatic 119-run win the triangular tournament final on Saturday and keep Pakistan waiting for their first one-day title at home.
"A new report on UN inspections in Irans nuclear facilities may undermine the US demand to send Tehrans nuclear file to the UN Security Council this month, diplomats said on Wednesday."
"THE former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic blasted a decision to impose defence lawyers on him as  quot;legal fiction quot; yesterday, as his first witness began her testimony at his war crimes trial."
"Joanne Peters' 12-yard header in the 82nd minute gives Australia a 1-1 tie with the United States, while the Americans already clinched a spot in the quarterfinals."
"InfoWorld - EMC has made its biggest push to date into the fast growing small and midsize business market with the acquisition of Dantz Development, a suppler of backup and recovery software."
"Key to the announcement is the fact that the systems share microcode, said Dianne McAdam, senior analyst at Data Mobility Group.  quot;That means that if I want to make a copy of a volume on the DS6000 I use the same commands as the DS8000."
"IBADAN, Nigeria - Allegedly abandoned by their American mother in Africa, seven children from Texas begged small change to buy food and shuttled from a neglectful stranger's care to a concrete-block orphanage, Nigerians said Thursday.    Eventually, the children proved their American citizenship to a passing missionary from Texas by singing ""The Star-Spangled Banner."" He notified U.S..."
"Design and Coding for the Complete Package - WMW Conf 7\\Roger Sooley from CompStar was up first, his forum name is ""rogerd"". He first goes into the question about building the software yourself or using a pre-built software application. The first question you need to ask is ""is your business ..."
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US Treasury prices dropped Monday and yields rose as oil fell below \$50 a barrel while stocks were poised to post another strong session.
"A panel investigating the Afghan presidential elections said Wednesday incumbent President Hamid Karzai won with 55 percent of the vote, the BBC reported."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt;, which faces a possible lawsuit by U.S. securities  regulators over helping a major banking client hide bad loans,  said on Monday regulators may also sue it for what they called  ""false and misleading"" statements made to investors."
FORD sold its Jaguar Formula One team on the cheap to ensure that they were guaranteed survival and a multimillion-pound budget that will allow them to flourish.
Alessandro Del Piero scored his first goal for Italy in over a year as Marcello Lippi #39;s side picked up their second straight success with a 1-0 victory over Moldova in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Witnesses and medical officials in Gaza Strip say one Palestinian militant and two of his bodyguards were wounded today when their car exploded.
"AP - A car bomb exploded Monday in western Mosul as an American military convoy was passing by, witnesses said. First reports indicated it may have been a suicide attack."
MADRID: Michael Owen made a telling contribution as he came off the bench on Sunday for his first taste of life in the Spanish league to provide the spadework for a Ronaldo finish as Real Madrid opened their season by poaching a 1-0 win at Mallorca.
"After the Jets' Wayne Chrebet suffered a mild concussion on Sunday, you had to wonder if his season might be over, if not his career."
"Researchers who gleaned DNA from 500-year-old bone slivers said Friday that preliminary data suggests Christopher Columbus might be buried in Spain, rather than a rival tomb in the Dominican Republic, but for now they can #39;t be sure."
"NewsFactor - The first in a new series of desktop PCs from Gateway will become available later this week, says the company."
Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is waking up to the music. In the latest attempt to capture the fast-growing market of online music the big M is fighting to break the hold Apple #39;s (Nasdaq: AAPL) iPod has on the market.
"Treo 650 boasts a high-res display, an improved keyboard and camera, a removable battery, and more. PalmOne this week is announcing the Treo 650, a hybrid PDA/cell-phone device that addresses many of the shortcomings "
"Japanese stocks may rise after oil prices fell by the most in three months, allaying concern higher fuel costs will slow global economic growth."
No other recording artist can channel American middle-class tastes quite like Chip Davis and his best-selling band
"Kmart Holding Corp. named Yum! Brands Inc. executive Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive officer, replacing Julian Day, to reverse declining sales growth."
"Space cooperation between China and the US may finally be getting off the ground a year after China put a man in orbit, with the two countries holding their first talks and planning a series of exchanges."
Reuters - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry\has won plaudits abroad for his promises to fight global\warming but could find his hands tied at home if he wins next\month's U.S. elections.
"WASHINGTON - The Justice Department asked a judge Tuesday to throw out the convictions of a suspected terror cell in Detroit because of prosecutorial misconduct, reversing course in a case the Bush administration once hailed as a major victory in the war on terrorism.    In a late-night filing, the department told U.S..."
"No, apparently it's not too early to think about holiday shopping. Gateway, HP and others are prepping new PCs for store shelves..."
"Despite the price of oil settling above \$50 a barrel for the first time, Wall Street yesterday celebrated new data showing the nation #39;s manufacturing sector expand again last month."
Mohammad Rafique and Mashrafe Mortaza shared five wickets as India reached 7 for 413 at lunch on day two of the second and final Test in Chittagong.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; shares fell as  much as 2.75 percent on Monday after a prominent Wall Street  analyst downgraded the world's largest financial services  company, citing a string of recent ethics problems.  Analysts say the blows to Citigroup's reputation might be a  function of the New York-based giant's size and far-flung  businesses."
"The Israel Defense Forces moved out of the northern Gaza Strip yesterday, ending a four-day operation in which eight Palestinians were killed, including a 9-year-old boy, and about 50 Palestinians were wounded."
"Reuters - Israeli troops killed a Palestinian on his\way to a mosque in a Gaza refugee camp on Wednesday as well as\a gunman closing in on an army outpost in a nearby buffer zone,\witnesses and militants said."
AP - Lakers star Kobe Bryant wants to apologize to former teammate Shaquille O'Neal for mentioning his name during a police interview last year.
"AFP - Shaquille O'Neal paid various women hush money to keep quiet about sexual encounters, Kobe Bryant told law enforcement officers in Eagle, Colorado."
"ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- It should have been the perfect cap to another precious win for Corey Dillon. For the first time in his three games as a Patriot, Dillon scored a touchdown, and he did so in grand fashion, bulling his way in from 15 yards."
President George W. Bush on Friday condemned the attacks in Egypt that killed at least 28 people and offered help to the Egyptian government as it seeks those responsible.
"For a guy who spent most of his first four professional seasons on the disabled list, Houston Astros reliever Brad Lidge has developed into quite the ironman these past two days."
The discovery of remains of a tiny human closely related to man on the remote Indonesian island of Flores and tales of Hobbit-like creatures who still roam its jungles have triggered an influx of visitors in search of a fabled lost world.
"A Desktop Pipeline reviewer invites readers to step into the SP2 waters, and offers some suggestions on how to do it as safely as possible."
"By JUSTIN POPE     (AP) -- After a recent legal setback, a California company that claims its patents cover the streaming video technology used by adult Web sites is boosting efforts to collect money from a very different group of streaming video users: colleges and universities.    Newport Beach, Calif.-based Acacia Media Technologies Corp..."
"com November 15, 2004, 11:32 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage."
" HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; may decide not  to submit bids for the logistics contracts it holds in Iraq if  the U.S. military divides up the work too deeply, Chief  Executive Officer Dave Lesar told an analysts' conference in  New York on Tuesday."
"Seattle, September 29: Microsoft Corp and Amazon.com Inc jointly filed lawsuits against e-mail spammers and scams to get unsuspecting users to divulge credit card and account information, the two companies said on Tuesday."
"If LA #39;s Shawn Green waives a no-trade clause and agrees to land in Arizona and Johnson gives his OK to work in The Bronx, the Dodgers, Diamondbacks and Yankees will have put together a blockbuster "
"WASHINGTON : The US economy is expanding but the performance is patchy as roaring energy prices begin to stifle spending, the Federal Reserve #39;s Beige Book survey showed."
The rain blew sideways across the landscape of Turner Field as the remnants of Hurricane Jeanne drenched the city. The deluge still could not obscure the chest-thumping on the 
NEW YORK - Rock band U2 has cut a deal with Apple Computer to sell custom iPods promoting the band #39;s forthcoming album. Sources close to the group say the U2 edition of the popular digital music player will 
"With the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch-screen machines to cast votes.  &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"At a job fair in downtown San Diego yesterday, dozens of information technology workers wandered the Civic Theater community concourse looking for leads on jobs."
"BEIJING - China would come to a  #39;dead end #39; if it copied blindly from Western political systems, President Hu Jintao said yesterday on the eve of a Chinese Communist Party (CCP) meeting focused on shoring up its own waning image and legitimacy."
"Majority of Home Computers Infected with Spyware\\Dont ever let anybody tell you otherwise, the Internet is not a safe place to take your computer systems without adequate protection. It wasnt too long ago that anti-virus and firewall software could provide your systems with more than enough security to safely cruise ..."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks to watch on Tuesday: JOHNSON    JOHNSON &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt;, GUIDANT CORP. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;"
"Nokia, a global leader in mobile devices has joined forces with mobile media publisher Starcut, to deliver premium content for mobile device consumers."
PhoneBites' cellular service inserts sound clips into conversations. Ridiculous? The same was said of the multibillion ring tone market.
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Following a year of execution missteps, Intel #39;s two top executives sought to reassure analysts on Tuesday that the world #39;s largest chipmaker can successfully navigate the tricky and costly processes of making smaller, faster "
"AP - From his domestic policy platter, President Bush chose to serve dessert before the main course. Having now won a second term, he may find it increasingly difficult to deliver on the meatier stuff, even with the political capital he is claiming and larger GOP majorities in the House and Senate."
"SafeKeeper module stores passwords, encryption keys in ThinkCentre desktops."
" PARIS (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest software maker, and France's Dassault Systemes  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=DAST.PA qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;DAST.PA&lt;/A&gt; have forged a global, 5-year strategic alliance to  deliver Dassault's 3D software to firms using the Microsoft  software platform."
"Third baseman Corey Koskie plans to leave the Minnesota Twins for Toronto. Koskie and the Blue Jays reached a preliminary agreement last night on a 17 (m) million dollar, three-year contract."
"Surprise package VfL Wolfsburg remained on top of the Bundesliga following a comfortable 3-0 home win over VfB Stuttgart. The three points saw Wolfsburg, only promoted to the Bundesliga in 1997, open up a "
"Britain #39;s ambassador to Kenya renewed criticism on Friday that Nairobi lacked the will to stamp out corruption, the latest salvo in a simmering diplomatic spat between Kenya and its international donors."
"ACCORDING to those commentators who peddle their political analysis in big, brash, primary colours, theres absolutely no question who lost out big time in Tony Blairs latest ministerial reshuffle."
Japanese game giant Nintendo announced Tuesday that its forthcoming DS (short for Dual Screen) portable game system will launch in the United States on Nov. 21 for a retail price of \$149.
"A GREEK journalist, who has been giving evidence in the Konstantinos Kenteris Olympic doping scandal, was yesterday recovering in hospital in Athens after being stabbed and beaten up with iron bars."
"The fixed line phone in the home could soon disappear, a study by mobile firm Nokia shows."
"New applications for US home loans fell last week from a four-month high even as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their lowest level since late March, an industry group said on Wednesday."
"Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday paid his first visit to Kashmir since taking office, as Indian troops began to withdraw from the territory."
Consumers in the United States are already spending record amounts of money online. One e-commerce company has a novel way to help Net shoppers hunt for bargains this holiday season.
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Computer software should not be  protected by copyright laws designed for music, literature and  other creative works, according to a lawsuit filed in a U.S.  court in San Francisco."
"The Bush administration will not remove federal dams on the Columbia and Snake Rivers to protect 11 endangered species of salmon and steelhead, even as a last resort."
"BAGHDAD : Roadside bombs wounded six national guards north of Baghdad as Iraq #39;s security forces struggled to recover from a twin suicide car bombing that ripped through their ranks, killing 20."
The New England Patriots will attempt to tie the NFL record of 18 straight wins - including play-offs - when they meet former hero Drew Bledsoe and the Buffalo Bills on Sunday.
A pro-Pakistan rebel group has claimed responsibility for a landmine attack that has killed 11 people in Kashmir. The Current News Service reports that Hizbul Mujahedin also claims to have snatched six AK 
"A new virus strain masquerading as electronic Christmas cards is accounting for one in every 10 e-mails hitting in-boxes, security experts warned Wednesday."
Gary Sheffield hit another clutch homer and Derek Jeter learned his elbow is just bruised. Not a bad night for the struggling New York Yankees.
"SunTrust Banks, the seventh-largest US bank, yesterday overhauled its management weeks after it restated earnings and fired three executives because of accounting errors."
"By BRUCE MEYERSON    NEW YORK (AP) -- In a detour from the cellular industry's rush toward tricked out smart phones, AT T Wireless Services Inc. (AWE) may introduce a device that can't be used for voice calls..."
"Nokia said Thursday its third-quarter revenue and profits would be better than expected, citing an increase in mobile phone sales."
"Kodak has won a legal battle over Java that could see Sun landed with a \$1bn legal bill. According to ruling made by a court in Rochester, New York, Sun has infringed a patent Kodak bought from Wang Laboratories "
"Executives at Siebel Systems (Quote, Chart) said its competitors in the CRM (define) space aren #39;t doing enough to meet the needs of small- to medium-sized businesses (SMB)."
"Though Howard Stern's defection from broadcast to satellite radio is still 16 months off, the industry is already trying to figure out what will fill the crater in ad revenue and listenership that he is expected to leave behind."
"Starbucks Corp. SBUX.O on Wednesday said customers will be able to make custom music CDs at 45 of its US coffee shops by later this month, the first step in a plan to expand the service nationwide."
 GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed five armed  Palestinians in the Gaza Strip on Saturday as it pressed on  with a massive offensive aimed at stopping militants firing  rockets into Israel.
 Maryland has scored at least 72 points in its five wins this season and is 23-6 when scoring at least 70 points under head coach Brenda Frese.
"Hollywood #39;s latest trial of the century, starring Mickey Mouse and the Tinseltown power broker who briefly helped run the Disney empire, will find a home on the Web on Wednesday."
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli television said on Wednesday  that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had  deteriorated.
" BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Human rights defenders face arrest and  torture in China, and the European Union should raise the issue  at a summit with Beijing's leaders this week, Amnesty  International said in a new report Monday."
"Toyota Motor Corp., the world #39;s second- largest carmaker, had an unexpected drop in quarterly profit as investment earnings at its truck making unit fell and a stronger yen cut the value of overseas sales."
"The temporary pool set up for the World Short Course Championships is, well, short. Swimmers dive in and a few breaths later, they reach the wall at the other end."
"Sales of the open source operating system Linux will reach \$35 billion by 2008, according to analysts at IDC, with \$10 billion of that accounted for in desktops."
"Johnny Ramone, guitarist in seminal band The Ramones, dies of cancer at the age of 55."
Company to pay out \$5.5 million The discrimination claim was brought on behalf of Colorado employees. The chain denies misconduct.
"Every morning at 7:45, Alitalia SpA Flight 1022 leaves Rome #39;s Fiumicino Airport for Milan #39;s Malpensa Airport. An average of 80 seats on the Airbus 320, 60 percent of the total, are occupied "
"As expected, none of the four United States entries survived yesterday's second set of Olympic rowing semifinals, leaving just four boats -- the men's and women's eights, the men's double sculls and the women's quadruple sculls -- going for medals this weekend, five fewer than in Sydney four years ago."
"Screen shots of an early version of MSN #39;s desktop search application began circulating on the Web on Monday, indicating that Microsoft Corp."
"Intel has disclosed new technologies that will feature in its chips in the next few years. The firm demonstrated a dual-core version of its Itanium 64bit processor, and announced plans for a new management "
" COLOMBO (Reuters) - Two people were killed and 11 wounded  when a hand grenade exploded in the VIP section of the audience  at a concert led by Indian film superstar Shah Rukh Khan and  two other actors, police said."
Documents stolen from the Equestrian Federation of Ireland were linked to the ongoing doping scandal surrounding an Olympic gold medal winning horse.
"AP - David Greene struggled early but finished with 213 yards passing and two touchdown passes, to lead No. 3 Georgia to a 20-16 victory over South Carolina on Saturday."
"A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the city of Lahore, killing at least four people and injuring others, officials said."
"Reuters - A senior North Korean official dismissed\reports that the secretive country was preparing a missile\launch, calling them speculation, Japan's Kyodo news agency\reported on Saturday."
"AP - Baltimore Ravens cornerback Deion Sanders was inactive for Sunday's game against the New York Jets with a toe injury, while Jets defensive end Shaun Ellis also was out with a strained groin."
"AP - Beyond the tired cliches and sperm-and-egg basics taught in grade school science class, researchers are discovering that men and women are even more different than anyone realized."
"Belo Corp. said on Wednesday it would cut more than 3 percent of its work force, mostly at its Dallas Morning News, which is grappling with a recent scandal into inflated circulation data provided to advertisers."
"Jean-Marie Messier, the former chief of Vivendi Universal SA who is under investigation for alleged fraud and stock manipulation, was fined 1 million euros (\$1.3 million) by French regulator "
AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Tuesday and Wednesday:
ATHENS : The United States defeated Lithuania 104-96 here to win the Olympic men #39;s basketball bronze medal game. The US team of National Basketball Association stars had been seeking a fourth consecutive gold 
"Athens, Greece - In response to two scoring controversies that overshadowed the best US gymnastics performance in Olympic history, an official with the sport #39;s international governing body says it will review judging procedures and the rule book that "
"Chinas human rights record does not warrant the lifting of a 15 year old EU arms embargo, said a senior US official. Gregory Suchan, US Deputy assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs "
" THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Three-times winner Tiger  Woods stayed in the hunt for a third successive WGC-American  Express Championship crown after Friday's second round, but was  frustrated his putting let him down."
"Since its release in early 2003, AMD #39;s Opteron server CPU has made great inroads almost everywhere... except with Dell. The CEO of Dell, Kevin Rollins, says that may very well be about to change, as the company "
"AP - Experts from Europe and Asia surveyed 1,400-year-old relics of an ancient citadel in Hanoi Tuesday and said they were concerned the priceless antiquities were at risk from exposure to the elements."
"Is the strutting sage grouse, iconic bird of the Western steppe, an endangered species? No doubt about it, say environmentalists, who petitioned for federal protection for the  quot;cock of the prairie, quot; as Lewis and Clark fondly dubbed it."
"PESHAWAR: Pakistan Army spokesman Major General Shaukat Sultan on Friday accused Pakistani journalists of selling the national interest in return for a few hundred dollars, while "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said its  second-quarter earnings rose a surprisingly large 46 percent on  strong sales in the United States and in emerging markets like  China, while a weaker dollar beefed up profits in Europe."
" LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar struggled on Wednesday to  move away from the previous day's six-week lows versus the yen  and a one-week trough against the euro brought on by weak U.S.  data, but caution remained high ahead of other key releases."
 A senior House Democrat said yesterday that he will not support a budget increase for the federal regulator of Fannie Mae until questions raised in a confidential report have been addressed.
India #39;s Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Saturday he raised the issue of terrorism with Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf.
"Qantas Airways Ltd. should not seek another airline to replace British Airways Plc if the UK carrier sells its stake in the business, Qantas Chief Executive Geoff Dixon said."
SEATTLE -- The smallest man on the court always seems to make the biggest plays for the Washington Huskies. Dazzling guard Nate Robinson is one of the most exciting players in the country.
"Reuters - Two French journalists are missing in\Iraq and have not been heard from since Thursday, the Foreign\Ministry in Paris said Saturday."
One of the biggest talked about items around the consumer electronics world was an announcement earlier this year that computer giant Hewlett Packard would be partnering with Apple to put out an HP-branded iPod.
"AP - Porter Goss, nominated to be the next CIA director, took a hard line on interrogations in the war on terror earlier this year, saying ""Gee, you're breaking my heart"" to complaints that Arab men found it abusive to have women guards at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp."
"AP - When divers first reported lionfish off the North Carolina coast four years ago, biologist Paula Whitfield thought it must be a mistake or an aberration. The poisonous, carnivorous Indo-Pacific lionfish is native to tropical waters half a world away  #151; not the seas off the Outer Banks."
"AP - The NHL will lock out its players Thursday, starting a work stoppage that threatens to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season."
"They drank the champagne, bore smiles the width of the Vaal River and took the plaudits of a nation. And they deserved every single moment of the adulation."
"An audiotape attributed to Ayman Zawahiri emerged Friday, stoking fears among some intelligence officials that the terrorist network is preparing a significant strike before the Nov. 2 election."
"If you use a computer, you should be thankful that Congress is aiming to outlaw the scourge known as spyware. But if you think making spyware illegal will end the pop-up ads, hijacked browsers and gridlocked "
"Get ready for new-home prices and remodeling costs to jump even higher because of unexpected continuing demand in America, also because of the construction explosion in China, record worldwide oil prices and, now, a triple play of devastating hurricanes."
"Somerfield raised 51m through a shares placing yesterday to help finance the purchase of 114 stores from its rival supermarket group, William Morrison."
"Mike Imoh ran for 236 yards and two touchdowns Saturday as No. 18 Virginia Tech edged North Carolina, which missed a 54-yard field goal with about a minute left."
SACHIN Tendulkar will return to India this week with genuine concerns his troublesome elbow will keep him out of next month #39;s showdown with Australia.
"Oil futures prices fell Wednesday after an American government report showed US supplies of crude rising sharply, allowing traders to shrug off the fact that inventories of heating oil are still tight."
"Suicide attack misfires: Two suicide bombers tried to ram their cars into a National Guard base in Kharma, about 40 miles west of Baghdad, on Sunday."
"The Boston Red Sox are going to the World Series, and the Yankees aren't, because Joe Torre selected the wrong pitchers and Terry Francona chose the right pitcher."
 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  submitted his cabinet's resignation Wednesday and said he would  not form a new government.
"Oil prices were forced higher today by an outbreak of violence in Saudi Arabia and concerns that Opec may cut output. The cost of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil climbed to 43.31 US dollars after gunmen "
"At last, some signs of life in the head-master #39;s office. After a string of weak or wrong decisions, the Football Association beaks decided to take "
A Census Bureau survey says 60 of revenue for IT services came from business in 2Q. Agency buys accounted for just 37. By Eric Chabrow.
"AFP - Jaguar car production is to end at a plant in Coventry, Warwickshire, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs because of weak demand for the luxury brand, US parent company Ford announced."
"BRITISH military jets today escorted an Olympic Airlines aircraft en route from Athens to New York to Stansted airport near London after a bomb alert, defence ministry and airline officials said."
" KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb attack on  Saturday outside the regional headquarters of the Iraqi  National Guard in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk killed 10,  officials said."
"Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. (GD) on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a rebound in its Gulfstream business jet segment."
" LONDON (Reuters) - Last year's U.S.-led invasion of Iraq  and ousting of President Saddam Hussein has made the world more  dangerous, French President Jacques Chirac said on the eve of a  state visit to key U.S. ally Britain."
"Botswanan diamond mining firm Debswana dismisses workers who took part in an illegal strike, agency reports say."
&lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Booth intro steals show
"Reuters - Yemen has received information that\foreign terrorists are planning to attack its sea ports, a\security source said on Wednesday."
Texas coach Rick Barnes says the school could find out from the NCAA on Friday when freshman Mike Williams will be eligible to compete for the Longhorns.
"IBM and officials from leading science, education and philanthropic organizations yesterday launched a global grid computing project aimed at helping solve a variety of health issues and other scientific problems."
The European Commission has set out its formal objections to Microsoft and Time Warner taking control of digital rights management company ContentGuard Holdings.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks hovered near the unchanged  mark on Tuesday as investors took another pause after last  week's big rally, with the Fed expected to raise interest rates  a quarter point on Wednesday."
"DHAKA - Bangabandhu National Stadium maybe a world away from the spiritual home of cricket at Lord #39;s in London, but for Brendon McCullum the Dhaka venue felt like heaven yesterday."
Former world number one Marat Safin won his first title since the Paris Masters in 2002 on Sunday with a 6-2 6-4 6-3 victory over Argentine David Nalbandian at the Casa de Campo in Madrid.
"US aircraft and defence company Boeing reports a 78 jump in quarterly profits, driven by increased demand for equipment from the armed forces."
Thousands of Iraqis walk through Najaf to the city's great shrine as a peace deal takes effect.
WASHINGTON NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will meet Thursday with a committee searching for Louisiana State University #39;s next chancellor.
Athens -- They might as well paint the diving board red. The gold medal for women #39;s 3-meter springboard diving went to the Chinese -- for the fifth Olympics in a row.
"AP - Tokyo stocks were higher early Friday as the U.S. dollar rebounded against the Japanese yen, following through its strength in New York where players reduced heavy dollar-bearish positions."
"ATHENS, 26 August - Comments from Dwight PHILLIPS (USA), John MOFFITT (USA) and Joan Lino MARTINEZ (ESP).  quot;I think I was ready to go as far as I needed to win."
"AP - Marat Safin defeated Finland's Jarkko Nieminen 6-2, 6-4 in the China Open on Saturday, setting up an all-Russian final with Mikhail Youzhny."
"Sony Computer Entertainment Incorporated (SCEI) and Nvidia announced today that they have been working together to develop the custom graphics processing unit (GPU) for SCEI s next-generation computer entertainment system, according to a joint press "
"TOKYO (AFP) - Japan #39;s third-ranked automaker Honda Motor said sales hit a record high in the six months to September but the profit performance was undercut by a stronger yen while record oil prices are a problem going forward, especially in the key US "
Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair will\stress the need for Europe and the United States to put\differences over Iraq behind them and work together to tackle\issues such as Middle East peace in a speech on Monday.
"AP - Arsonists and vandals angered over the alleged Muslim-inspired slaying of a controversial Dutch filmmaker have conducted a series of attacks on Islamic targets, including attempts to burn down two mosques, Dutch media reported Sunday."
"Canadian Press - PARIS (AP) - Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates signed a co-operation agreement with UNESCO on Wednesday to improve access to computers, the Internet and information technology training in developing countries."
"SINGAPORE -- Philippine authorities said yesterday that they were seeking four members of Abu Sayyaf, an Islamic gang with long-standing ties to Al Qaeda, in the February sinking of a ferry that left at least 118 people dead."
"Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s biggest carmaker, faces production losses at its Wolfsburg headquarters after a sixth set of contract talks with union negotiators on cost cuts, job security and pay ended without agreement."
"The Mars rover Opportunity has found new evidence of past existence of water on the Red Planet, NASA said. Opportunity keeps finding new clues of past water as it continues probing Mars, said mission scientists "
"Richard Hamilton posted 21 points to propel the Detroit Pistons to an 81-69 triumph over the Cleveland Cavaliers at Auburn Hills, Michigan Thursday."
AP - Senators rejected the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation for congressional oversight and adopted their own plan as they prepared for final negotiations with the House on reorganizing the spy agencies Congress supervises.
"Tom Harris is owner of 24/7 Auctions, an Internet auction consignment store in Vista. It #39;s a growing field. In June, AuctionDrop said it plans to offer a similar service at UPS Stores #39; 3,400 US retail locations, including 50 in San Diego County."
"A Muslim rebel attack on an Indian Kashmir police camp left five police and one rebel dead in the region #39;s biggest raid since Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz visited India last month, police said on Saturday."
THE owner of the Soul Pattinson chemists chain yesterday said its purchase of the Priceline stores would be a win against the might of the big supermarkets.
A bankruptcy judge gave US Airways Group Inc. permission Monday to tap a government loan to fund daily operations - a move expected to allow the airline to continue normal operations while it searchs for alternative financing.
"Investigators found traces of explosives on the second of two passenger airliners that crashed simultaneously in Russia, security officials announced Saturday, confirming "
"BEIJING -- China #39;s inflation rate slowed sharply in November, kept in check by lower price rises for food as government efforts to curb the economy began to bite, official data showed Friday."
Ziff Davis - The number of enterprises migrating from Windows to Linux is a growing concern for Microsoft. But it's not a one-way street. Some companies #151;unhappy with their open-source experience #151;are making the switch back to Windows.
"BAGHDAD - A massive car bomb exploded today on the outskirts of Falluja, killing seven US marines and wounding several others in the deadliest attack on Americans since May."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Farming supply retailer Tractor Supply  Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday reported that its earnings fell in the  third quarter because of higher freight costs, higher costs for  steel and other commodities and a shift in sales to lower  margin hurricane-related items."
AP - Jason Kidd's recovery from surgery on his left knee is on schedule and the All-Star point guard hopes to practice next month with the struggling New Jersey Nets.
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Ring tones on mobile phones were once  considered cool if they simply sounded musical. Then phones  starting ringing to the tune of a pop song, giving way to ""ring  songs."""
AP - Mike Alstott will be sidelined at least a month after spraining the medial collateral ligament in his right knee during Tampa Bay's 19-7 victory over the Chicago Bears.
"COLUMBIA -- The Lou Holtz era at the University of South Carolina will soon come to an end. The 67-year-old South Carolina coach plans to officially announce his retirement Monday morning, ending one of the "
"Reuters - Russsia is ""backsliding"" on democracy\and the bloc must speak to Moscow frankly about it as an equal\partner, the European Union's incoming External Relations\Commissioner said Tuesday."
"Just a week after releasing their all-time sack leader, Tony Brackens , the Jacksonville Jaguars yesterday cut three-time Pro Bowler Hugh Douglas , leaving them without their starting defensive ends from last season."
"Reuters - Japan's largest mobile operator, NTT\DoCoMo Inc. (9437.T), unveiled on Wednesday a new line of\advanced mobile phones with stereo-quality surround sound,\high-resolution digital cameras, and a special chip that allows\owners to use their phones as a debit card."
"A day after Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s funeral, Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky arrived in the Middle East amid an atmosphere of anxiety about what will happen next."
There was deep disappointment in the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Monday after Palestinian singer Amar Hassan lost in a contest for the Arab world #39;s best amateur singer.
Israel is prepared to back a Middle East conference convened by Tony Blair early next year despite having expressed fears that the British plans were over-ambitious and designed 
AP - Ricky Davis scored 25 points and Paul Pierce added 17 points and 10 rebounds on Sunday to lead the Boston Celtics to a 102-83 victory over Seattle and snap the SuperSonics' nine-game winning streak.
Reuters - Heavy rains and fresh floods disrupted\aid to Asia's tsunami-hit villages on Sunday as the U.N.\refugee agency started a 400-ton airlift as part of a  #36;2\billion relief operation to save millions struggling to\survive.
" SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; released on  Tuesday a patch for its latest ""critical"" rated security flaw  affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software  programs."
"Bangalore, Oct. 7 (PTI): Australia were all out for 474 in their first innings after lunch on the second day of the first cricket Tests at the M Chinnaswamy stadium here today."
AOL today announced its Mobile Developer Program designed to formalize the company #39;s three year-old push into the cellular phone instant messaging business.
"Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost his appeal of a 25-point penalty and \$10,000 fine for using a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview."
"Reuters - NASA is hoping techniques that would\enable a crew to repair damages to a space shuttle in flight\will be ready for the shuttle's planned May 2005 return to\space, officials with the agency said on Monday."
A new study indicates that very high tides are linked with substantial earthquakes along Earth's continental margins. Does the theory hold water?
and it has caught the government on the hop. Tony Blair will be told this week that a staggering 10 million pensioners could end up in chronic 
"NEW YORK - As President Bush prepared to accept the Republican nomination for a second term, Vice President Dick Cheney portrayed his boss as a decisive commander-in-chief. ""He doesn't waffle,"" Cheney said Thursday..."
US STOCKS rose yesterday as a higher price target for the shares of Apple Computer generated enthusiasm for technology stocks and investors waved off worry about a decline in the dollar.
"A rocket exploded in the air above the US military compound in Kabul on Friday, the eve of Afghanistan #39;s presidential poll, but there were no casualties, a spokesman for the international peacekeeping force said."
"AP - The League of Women Voters of San Diego said Tuesday that it will not appeal a judge's ruling in the city's mayoral election, dealing another setback to Councilwoman Donna Frye's write-in bid."
"CIA analyst Charles A. Duelfer's report on Iraq's weapons programs included lists of governments, political parties, companies and individuals from at least 44 nations who received vouchers to buy oil -- both legally and otherwise -- from the Iraqi government during Saddam Hussein's reign."
"Jardine Lloyd Thompson Plc, the UK #39;s biggest publicly traded insurance broker, said Chief Executive Steve McGill quit and profit will decline this year because of a difficult #39; #39; second half."
"AP - The outlook for the holiday season brightened Thursday as many of the nation's retailers reported an improvement in sales in October. Discounters, however, had another month of lackluster results as their customers cut back their spending again."
"NARATHIWAT, Thailand - A powerful bomb hidden in a motorcycle killed one person and wounded 30 in Thailands mainly Muslim south on Thursday, a day ahead of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatras visit to the restive region."
roundup Plus: AOL updates Instant Messenger...Push-to-talk wiretaps on feds' speed list...Tellabs scales back AFC buy...Top McAfee exec to step down.
"When Egypt, Israel and the United States signed a trade agreement this week, it represented the most tangible step in a monthlong thaw in chilly relations between the Egyptians and Israelis."
"Reuters - One minute you're a big\T-Rex, the next you're toast."
"SAN FRANCISCO - What Babe Ruth was to the first half of the 20th century and Hank Aaron was to the second, Barry Bonds has become for the home run generation."
"AP - Darren Fichardt had four birdies in a five-hole stretch on the way to a 4-under 67 Saturday, grabbing a share of the lead with Paul Broadhurst after the third round of the Madrid Open."
"Since most people using the MSN Spaces service are are just getting their weblogs up and running, it #39;s not easy to tell what a full-fledged blog on the site will look like."
Low-fare carrier Southwest Airlines Co. said Thursday that its third-quarter profit rose 12.3 percent to beat Wall Street expectations despite higher fuel costs.
IT WAS a great kick; a wondrous kick; high and long - and executed with Eyes Wide Shut. Scotlands rugby selectors looking for an unshakeable kicker into touch while the opposing pack thunders towards him 
Luxembourg #39;s Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker was chosen on Friday as semi-permanent president of the group of finance ministers from the 12 countries that share the euro 
Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.) described the move  as a breakthrough in the elimination of such stockpiles around the world.
"SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - The relationship between General Motors Corp. (GM) and the software industry is set for some major changes over the next few years as software becomes a more important component of the automobile, said Anthony Scott, the chief technology officer of GM's Information Systems and Services organization, at a conference of software industry executives Tuesday in Santa Clara, California."
"Airbus might tap up to 1 billion euros (\$1.25 billion) in controversial government loans to build a new A350 airplane model, which would be a rival to Boeing #39;s new 7E7 jetliner."
 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell two thirds of a percent  against the yen to within sight of seven-month lows and edged  toward recent record lows against the euro on Friday as worries  persisted about the U.S. current account deficit.
"Writing in the British Medical Journal, Dr Francisco Belda Maruenda says the human eye is unable to detect an offside position during a match."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal grand jury is investigating  products American International Group Inc. sold that companies  might have used to make their earnings look better, AIG, the  world's largest insurer by market value, said on Thursday."
"CHICAGO - Welcome home, Cubbies. Former Beantowners Nomar Garciaparra and Todd Walker added three hits and combined to drive in six runs as the Chicago Cubs hammered the Cincinnati Reds Monday night at Wrigley Field, 12-5."
Reuters - Former hockey force Pakistan finished the Olympics in fifth place on Friday while Egypt slumped out of the tournament 12th.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. holiday shopping season got  off to a sluggish start with high oil prices and weak consumer  confidence hitting the key Thanksgiving weekend, according to  three retail indices released on Tuesday."
"LONG BEACH, Calif. - Washington #39;s first visit to the NCAA volleyball Final Four turned out to be a short one. The magic carpet ride that had included the school #39;s first Pac-10 title and a No."
"AFP - Computer server sales in the Asia-Pacific region excluding Japan grew by a brisk 12.4 percent to 1.37 billion US dollars in the second quarter after a gain of 9.6 percent in the three months to March, an industry monitor said."
"ATHENS, Greece -- It #39;s over. The US men #39;s basketball team #39;s run in the Olympics. The US dominance in the sport at all."
"Canadian Press - MANILA, Philippines (AP) - An action film star who narrowly lost this year's presidential elections in the Philippines suffered a stroke and slipped into a coma, his spokesman said Sunday."
"Company says that instead of just performance, customers now want manageability features and lower power consumption."
"siege that started when a group of inmates identified as al Qaeda killed their guards in an attempted jailbreak. prison complex on the outskirts of the capital, prison governor Abdul Salam Bakhshi told journalists."
"Google, the operator of the world #39;s most popular Internet search service, plans to announce an agreement Tuesday with some of the nation #39;s leading research libraries and Oxford "
"PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- United Nations peacekeepers patrolled the streets of Haiti's capital as gunfire rang out yesterday, a day after a prison riot and shootouts killed a dozen people and left scores injured during a visit by Secretary of State Colin Powell."
"It may not have shown in the standings, but it showed up in the stats. The last-place Blue Jays had the top-ranked pitcher and position player in the Major Leagues last season, according to the Elias Sports Bureau."
"Tewksbury Redmen fans were seeing red yesterday after watching their team get clawed by the ferocious Wilmington Wildcats, 19-8."
US world number two Andy Roddick will face Belarus #39; Vladimir Voltchkov in the opening singles tie of their Davis Cup semi-final on Friday.
" Glaciers in the Antarctic and in Greenland are melting much faster than expected, and the fastest moving glacier in the world has doubled its speed."
"AFP - Public distaste with the Iraq war in Britain has hit its worst-ever level, with fewer than a third of people thinking it is the right thing, an opinion poll said."
"Two amateur explorers prepare to fly out to Indonesia in the hope of proving the existence of the ""jungle yeti""."
"CORNING, NY -- Corning Inc. (GLW) plans to record \$2.8 billion to \$2.9 billion in noncash charges in the third quarter to impair goodwill and investments in its struggling telecommunications segment and establish a deferred-tax valuation allowance."
"HONG KONG: Although President Hu Jintao enjoys a reputation as a moderate reformist, this is a comparison on a relative scale. The president clearly has no intention of leading China out of communism."
"World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina said Monday she still doesn #39;t know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend skating program, though she says she doesn #39;t fear going back on the ice."
"John Olerud isn #39;t sure whether he #39;ll be wearing a Yankees uniform come Opening Day 2005, but the first baseman isn #39;t ruling out that option."
"SAN FRANCISCO (AFX) -- Crude-oil futures climbed back toward \$54 a barrel, with traders eagerly awaiting weekly petroleum data to find out how the recovery in the Gulf of Mexico has affected US oil and natural-gas inventories."
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks on Tuesday won contracts totaling \$2.5 billion to help Sprint upgrade its wireless network to offer high-speed service.
"Tehran/Vianna, Sept. 19 (NNN): Iran on Sunday rejected the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) call to suspend of all its nuclear activities, saying that it will not agree to halt uranium enrichment."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executive of McDonald's  Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; is recuperating after another surgery, the  world's largest fast-food company said on Saturday."
"Controversial rapper Eminem will launch his widely expected satellite music radio channel called Shade 45 on Oct. 28 with a live broadcast of a concert from New York, the Sirius network said on Thursday."
"Canadian Press - PARIS (AP) - France will not revoke a law banning Muslim head scarves in public schools despite demands by a militant Islamic group holding two French journalists hostage in Iraq, a government spokesman said Monday."
"Tropical Storm Jeannes death toll in Haiti rose to more than 1,500 and UN peacekeepers were sending reinforcements to help keep order among desperate survivors who have been looting aid trucks and mobbing food distribution centres."
"MacCentral - Internet service provider (ISP) EarthLink Inc. on Tuesday announced the launch of EarthLink Free Online Calling, a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service that enables their Mac and PC to make calls over the Internet free of charge. Based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), the service works with a Mac or PC equipped with a headset or an Analog Telephone Adapter (ATA). Users can make unlimited calls to other SIP users, and can also listen to voicemail via e-mail. The service also offers an online calling log and online account management. ..."
" HONG KONG (Reuters) - A survey two days before Hong Kong  legislative elections showed pro-democracy forces, tainted by a  sex scandal, may fare less well than expected, but the election  chief dismissed talk of dirty tricks by China."
"The price of US crude oil has eased in early trade, after breaching the \$50-a-barrel mark on Friday. Light sweet crude for November delivery fell 42 cents from Friday #39;s \$50."
"AP - Auburn moved up a spot in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday, into a tie for second with Oklahoma. Southern California remained No. 1 easily with 51 first-place votes and 1,608 points. Auburn and Oklahoma each had 1,536."
"IMlogic and several partners today unveiled a threat center network to provide a central place for detecting and analyzing IM and peer-to-peer threats, including IM-borne viruses, worms, spam over IM and malicious code."
"President Bush nominated Deputy Treasury Secretary Samuel W. Bodman yesterday as his second secretary of energy, tapping an administration veteran to lead the Energy Department at a time of unstable oil prices and rising nuclear proliferation concerns."
"Networking consortium submits proposal for faster Wi-Fi, as battle lines are drawn between rival groups."
George Steinbrenner watched from his box as his Yankees suffered the most one-sided loss in the franchise's long history.
"Sun Microsystems Inc. will offer utility computing services priced at less than a dollar per node per hour, it announced Tuesday."
A sweet challenge leads to a sour taste in the mouth of Trump's right-hand woman.
A sky-high iPod ad towers over a hip Toronto shopping district. Toronto will soon be home to its own Apple retail store. \
"Linebacker Barrett Green scored on a 16-yard fumble return and the Giants forced seven turnovers, handing Tom Coughlin his first win as the team's head coach."
"In the middle of the Sept. 3 tech wreck on Wall Street, there was at least one upside to chip giant Intel #39;s (INTC ) lowering of expectations for the current quarter: It made it easier for other tech companies "
"Global warming could cause polar bears to go extinct by the end of the century by eroding the sea ice that sustains them, according to the most comprehensive international assessment ever done of Arctic climate change."
"The success of alternative browsers such as Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox may ultimately have an unexpected side effect, causing Microsoft to be more aggressive in leveraging its dominance of Internet client software, said Marc Andreessen, one of the "
It is the first time Ferguson and Gunners boss Arsene Wenger have faced each other since October 24 in a Barclays Premiership match which was riddled with bad blood and accusations.
KABUL - A bounty hunter accused of running a private torture chamber has gone on trial in Kabul claiming he could not get a fair hearing because the FBI had confiscated vital evidence and locked it in the American Embassy. 
"With performance almost double that of the Earth Simulator, in Yokohama, Japan, IBM Corp.'s Blue Gene/L on Monday was officially ranked first on the Top500 list of the world's fastest supercomputers. IBM built four of the top ten machines on the biannual list, which was set to be announced Monday evening at the SC2004 conference in Pittsburgh."
"Labor disputes between rich athletes and even wealthier owners are always sickening. In this NHL cold war, both sides will be bruised a little."
AP - A former member of Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry's legal team pleaded innocent Tuesday to a charge of soliciting a prostitute.
Nov. 18--Lockheed Martin has introduced evidence in a civil lawsuit that allegedly demonstrates Boeing Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher knew former Air Force acquisitions officer Darleen Druyun gave Boeing 
"You #39;ve made your Web browser a part of the operating system, and you #39;ve effectively vanquished every other Web browser in the world to minimal importance."
NASA launched a 24-hour global pollution monitoring service yesterday that will eventually allow scientists to give daily chemical forecasts from space.
"With a flick of a giant switch, Canada #39;s biggest and most advanced scientific research laboratory will be officially launched later today in Saskatoon."
"Bangkok (VNA) - Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on Tuesday announced that he has set up a task force of eight members, including three Muslims, to investigate the Oct. 25 incident involving the death "
"SI.com spoke to Sports Illustrated senior writer Jon Wertheim, who is in Seville, Spain, covering the Davis Cup final for the magazine."
Consolidated Edison has agreed to pay the family of a woman who was electrocuted on a city street more than \$6.2 million and to set up a \$1 million scholarship fund in her name.
A jet bound for New York made an emergency landing at Stansted airport yesterday after repeated warnings that a bomb was on board.
"Colman M. Herman, the Dorchester activist who made enforcement of the state's item-pricing regulation a one-man crusade, has struck again."
"Caught off guard by the success of Toyota #39;s hybrid Prius model, German carmakers are racing to catch-up. DaimlerChrysler and GM announced plans on Monday to jointly produce hybrid technology for their cars and trucks."
"UK Prime Minister Tony Blair called for the European Union to develop the capability to deploy troops to Africa within 10 days by next year, part of plans to fight poverty, disease and war in the region."
"BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - The Americans finally showed up at the Ryder Cup..."
" NAIROBI (Reuters) - The Sudanese government is still  attacking villagers in Darfur and rebel groups there are  looting and abducting civilians despite an April cease-fire, a  rights group said on Monday."
"Companies trying to deploy Internet phone calling face varied costs depending on the technology provider, according to a report."
"ALTHOUGH Microsoft #39;s anti-spam sender-ID is disliked by Open Sources, it is providing popular with the very people it is targeted against."
Cisco said that its IP Phone allows unconstrained Gigabit Ethernet-enabled bandwidth from the network to desktop phone. Cisco #39;s Catalyst 6500 Supervisor Engine 32 has been enhanced to allow customers to enable 
Reuters - Auto retailer Carmax Inc. \reported record third-quarter sales on Monday and said used-car\sales had strengthened considerably since the spring and\summer.
&lt;strong&gt;Interview&lt;/strong&gt; IBM's Rebecca George fights her corner
Marion Jones and Paula Radcliffe came up empty-handed when their Olympics ended before their races did. Tragic endings in their final events at the Athens Olympics left the two biggest female stars with no 
"Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month in September, giving major retailers modest gains during the critical back-to-school season."
A judge rules that three UK bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to a deal with Enron.
"neutron_p writes  quot;An international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays, helping to solve a 100 year old mystery - an origin of cosmic rays."
"BOSTON - Curt Schilling became the first 20-game winner in the major leagues this season, reaching the mark for the third time in four years and leading the Boston Red Sox to an 11-4 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on Thursday night.    Kevin Millar and Johnny Damon each homered and drove in four runs, and Boston moved within 3 1/2 games of the first-place New York Yankees in the AL East..."
"Islamabad, Oct 30 (UNI) Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf today said Pakistan and India would have to move beyond their stated positions to find out a solution to the Kashmir issue."
LOS ANGELES The St. Louis Cardinals are back in the National League Championship Series for the third time in five seasons. Albert Pujols (POO #39;-hohlz) drove in the last four runs and the Cards advanced by 
The Hornets have experienced a Christmas miracle and his name is Dan Dickau. The recently acquired PG paved the way for just their second win all season with his game-high 23 points in a victory over Golden State.
Kofi Annan today called on the UN security council to issue  quot;the strongest warning quot; to forces fighting in Sudan to bring an end to the civil war in the south and the crisis in the western Darfur region.
Houston -- Jurors returned to a Houston federal court Thursday to begin the second phase of the Enron-Merrill Lynch fraud and conspiracy trial.
"DUBLIN Willie Walsh, the chief executive of Aer Lingus, holds interviews and meetings in a former chairman #39;s unused office since his own is too messy for visitors, he says."
"The Russian cabinet on Thursday approved the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, a step that may bring the global warming treaty into force after parliament endorsement."
"The United States remains a world leader in science that other countries try to imitate, the science adviser to President Bush told an audience at the University of Toledo yesterday."
"Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, played down his decades-long relationship with the former Disney president Michael S. Ovitz "
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices took a hit  on Wednesday as lackluster interest in new five-year notes left  investors skittish just two days before the crucial September  jobs report.
"Selling stocks short is a very, very risky move that shouldn't be attempted by new investors."
The U.S. Army plans to withhold payment on 15 percent of future invoices of Halliburton's logistics deal in Iraq due to an ongoing billing dispute.
"Squats stopped muscle wasting in simulated experiment    HealthDayNews -- High-intensity resistance training may help astronauts maintain muscle strength and size during long space voyages, according to a new study.    The study, published in the Journal of Physiology, included 12 volunteers confined to their beds for 84 consecutive days in order to mimic the effects of living in a zero-gravity environment..."
"Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on Friday urged Washington policymakers to consider reducing future Social Security and Medicare benefits, saying that "
"The British government has unveiled a new website to help punters ""wise up to scams"".\"
AP - A proposed change in how the federal government measures water for fish in the Sacramento-San Joaquin river delta has environmental groups alarmed and California officials concerned about potential harm to wildlife habitat.
Cazenove and JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. unveiled a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of independence for the UK stockbroker and gives a big boost to the US investment bank #39;s UK presence.
"ALDERSON, W.Va. - Martha Stewart reported to prison before sunrise Friday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, slipping all-but-unnoticed past waiting supporters and reporters..."
"Wireless players Nokia (Quote, Chart) and Vodafone (Quote, Chart) are teaming up to write the next chapter (of code) in the mobile Java story."
"CHICAGO _ The leaders of United Airlines pilots union have agreed to accept a 15 percent pay cut and not oppose the elimination of their pension plan, setting a precedent both "
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rallied further on Monday,  clawing back toward \$50 a barrel on heightened concerns over  low supplies of winter heating fuels."
Australia have just resumed their chase of New Zealand #39;s first-innings total of 353 in the first Test in Brisbane. The Australians ended day two on 197-4 with Damien Martyn and Michael Clarke at the crease.
"Friday night came as close to an old-time local battle for viewers among Channels 4, 5, and 7 as we're likely to see. It was a throwback to pre-cable, pre-dish, and even pre-UHF days as the three local  quot;originals quot; served up a special night of sports programming. Although Red Sox-White Sox was on Channel 4's  quot;sister quot; station, Channel 38, it ..."
"After failing to make any progress toward a new collective bargaining agreement, the NHL owners and players agreed on one point: A lockout seems inevitable."
"Hard-disk drive maker Seagate Technology has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400GB of storage space, it said Tuesday."
"Researchers in the field of cryptography have been successfully breaking the hash functions that are used to secure the privacy of electronic communications, threatening the integrity of digital signatures, according to a report on Slashdot. "
"A new worm that spreads via Microsoft #39;s instant messaging client began badgering users Monday, several security firms said. Dubbed Funner, the worm propagates by sending itself to all the contacts listed in "
Firm brings tech already used in phones and laptops to desktops. Screen creates different pixel images for each eye.
ANKARA - Officials of Turkey #39;s Embassy in Baghdad are investigating press reports of the al-Jazeera television saying that two Turkish hostages were found dead in the north of Iraq.
"PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 20 - As members of the United Nations General Assembly are soon to vote on the future of cloning research, possibly within days, leading scientists will be conducting a symposium discussion "
PARIS: Microsoft and Dassault Systemes of France have agreed to form a strategic alliance for Dassault Systemes product lifecycle management (V5 PLM) and 3D design solutions.
"TODAY AUTO RACING 1:30 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Ford 400 qualifying at Homestead, Fla., Speed Channel 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Craftsman Trucks Ford 200 at Homestead, Fla., Speed Channel COLLEGE BASKETBALL/MEN 5 p.m. -- Marist Classic at Poughkeepsie, N.Y.: Northeastern vs. Birmingham Southern, WRBB-FM (104.9) 7 p.m. -- Coaches vs. Cancer Classic third-place game at New York, ESPN2 7:30 ..."
"Not only has he gone a second consecutive year without winning a Major, but he has yet to win a stroke-play event. There #39;s more."
Reuters - South Korea said on Tuesday it\asked the United States to accept another year's delay in the\drafting of a divisive treaty banning human cloning to allow\time for a U.N. conference on the pros and cons of embryonic\stem cell research.
Home entertainment trendsetters Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. hope to link up on a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
"Reuters - Intense competition has depressed prices of everything from washing machines to refrigerators in India, dampening the spirits, and profits, of durable goods makers as they prepare for the busy festival season."
"Reuters - Denmark aims to claim the North Pole\and hunt for oil in high Arctic regions that may become more\accessible because of global warming, the Science Ministry said\Monday."
AP - Reactions on Monday to the announcement that Secretary of State Colin Powell is resigning:
"Nortel Networks has again delayed posting its long-awaited restated financial results, moving its target release date to mid-November."
"His hair is Manny-style, and his bedroom here is a shrine to the Red Sox left fielder, who gave him bats, spikes, a No. 24 wristband, and hugs."
"At first glance it was just another prosaic headline.  quot; #39;Militants #39; prevent resumption of work in the seaports, quot; Haaretz said. "
"Microsoft Corp told a judge on Thursday that the European Commission must be stopped from\ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Energy company TXU Corp. on Friday said it plans to mothball eight natural gas-fired power plants representing a quarter of its Texas capacity in an effort to save about \$20 million in annual expenses.
President Vladimir Putin #39;s move earlier this week to enhance his own power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem: the corrupt and unreformed security 
"It #39;s a thing of beauty: a two-page  quot;advocacy ad quot; in The New York Times featuring, among other things like quotes from satisfied Firefox users, all 10,000 names of those who donated to The Mozilla Foundation so that it could take a NYT ad that it hopes "
"Andre Agassi returned to competitive tennis action on Tuesday with an appearance at the Madrid Masters Series event in Spain. Agassi had had a bye in the first round, and his match against Max Mirnyi of Belarus "
"Why didn #39;t Bush outright prohibit the research, if he truly believed destroying embryos is killing? BY RAMESH PONNURU. Ramesh Ponnuru is a senior editor at the National Review."
Germany #39;s new coach Juergen Klinsmann will seek to extend his unbeaten run to three in a friendly against Iran on Saturday but a smouldering dispute between his goalkeepers has put a damper on his spirits.
"Summary - (Oct 8, 2004) Now operating three times longer than originally expected, NASA #39;s Mars Exploration Rovers are still turning up fresh evidence that liquid water once flowed on Mars."
"MSN Spaces, Microsoft #39;s new blogging service, has sparked a new game for some of its users: trying to circumvent its censorship controls."
"It looks like Google's public stock offering will proceed, no matter how hard the company tries to shoot itself in the foot. Not only that, its unique approach to the IPO game could result in an overhaul of federal securities regulations. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
 LONDON (Reuters) - European shares touched a two-month high  on Monday as investors bought stocks in sectors highly exposed  to the global economic cycle like tech and basic resources  following reassuring U.S. jobs data on Friday.
The battle lines between two leading wireless broadband technologies were drawn more clearly this week as the major proponents of each approach announced that a large hardware company had joined their camp.
"With its stock plunging, the drug giant Merck has adopted a plan that could give its top executives big bonuses if the company is taken over."
"CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- At least for now, the slowdown in consumer spending is a bottoms-up affair. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!"
"The Bowl Championship Series standings underwent a shakeup yesterday, but the top two teams -- Southern California and Oklahoma -- remained the same."
"Israel #39;s threats against Syria after the Beersheba suicide bombings would  quot;exacerbate the deteriorating situation in the region, quot; the Syrian foreign minister said yesterday."
"Deal continues a consolidation of the market and would create a \$1.2 billion information technology division ranked among the federal government's top 10 providers.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
"AP - Colorado will have more to remember about this season than just scandal and turmoil  #151; most notably, a trip to the Big 12 title game that seemed nearly impossible just a few weeks ago."
"Forget the Earth Simulator and IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L, Silicon Graphics (SGI) (Quote, Chart) is laying claim to the fastest supercomputer in the world."
" LONDON (Reuters) - Britain, Australia and a former U.S.  official, stung by criticism from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan, insisted on Thursday that their countries' military  action in Iraq was legal."
AP - Bill Belichick took a few minutes Monday to convey his congratulations to his offensive coordinator on becoming Notre Dame's head coach. Now it's time for Charlie Weis to get back to work for the New England Patriots. Weis will finish the NFL season  #151; at least six more games if the Patriots reach the Super Bowl  #151; and Belichick doesn't expect his impending move will be a distraction.
"Sony Computer Entertainment #39;s (SCE) next generation handheld gaming device will go on sale in Japan on 12 December for RRP 19,800 (\$250)."
STRASBOURG/SAN FRANCISCO - The European Commission on Tuesday approved Oracle Corp. #39;sproposed US\$7.7 billion (\$11 billion) hostile takeover of rival business software company PeopleSoft Inc.
SYDNEY Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. said Wednesday that it might strengthen corporate governance provisions after investors and shareholder groups said they would vote against the company #39;s proposed move to 
"Corus lifted a threat to 1,700 steelworkers #39; jobs today by securing the future of a major operation in the north-east. The company ended speculation over the imminent shutdown of its Redcar site with the announcement "
"SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Boston College's top-ranked hockey team arrived at Notre Dame intent on keeping its perfect record intact, maintaining its top ranking in the polls, and delivering coach Jerry York his 700th career victory."
"NEW YORK - Disappointing retail sales and oil prices that threatened to top \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower Thursday as investors worried that rising energy costs could further hamper consumer spending.    With a number of companies having already warned that energy costs would squeeze third-quarter profits, investors saw the September retail sales report as reason to worry that a sustained rise in oil prices could harm fourth-quarter results as well..."
"TOYKO, Japan -- North Korea has warned Japan that it would treat economic sanctions against the nation as a  quot;declaration of war quot; as a row brews over the remains of abductees."
"Apple Computer is still the apple of its own eye, but the company is trying to take a more modest tack with the public. Missing Links"
AP - State officials are calling on the public to help them count and categorize all the plants and animals in Tennessee's 54 parks.
ATHENS - The 2004 Olympic Games officially came to an end in Athens with a spectacular closing ceremony yesterday. Greek music and dance kicked off an evening of celebration before the flame was extinguished and the flag lowered.
" BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union expects Turkey to  initial an accord Friday giving Cyprus de facto recognition and  sign it before Ankara opens EU membership talks on Oct. 3,  2005, a draft summit statement said Friday."
"A group of 44 people, at least some of them North Koreans, entered the Canadian Embassy yesterday, using ladders to scale a spiked fence in what appeared to be one of the biggest recent asylum bids by refugees from the North."
"TEHRAN -- The head of Iran's security council said yesterday that the reelection of President Bush was in Tehran's best interests, despite the administration's axis of evil label, accusations that Iran harbors Al Qaeda terrorists, and threats of sanctions over the country's nuclear ambitions. Historically, Democrats have harmed Iran more than Republicans, said Hasan Rowhani, head of the Supreme National ..."
"NEW YORK: Lennox Lewis was the main topic here when it was announced that Vitali Klitschko, the World Boxing Council No. 1 heavyweight contender, will fight Kirk Johnson over 12 rounds at Madison Square Garden on December 6."
"WASHINGTON -- The trade deficit jumped to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in US exports, the government reported yesterday. America's trade gap with China hit a record high as retailers stocked up on cellphones, toys, and televisions in preparation for Christmas sales."
" BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (Sports Network) - Winsome Frazier netted  18 points to lead 12th-ranked Mississippi State to a 55-48  victory over Birmingham-Southern in the second round of the  Coaches vs. Cancer Classic at the Birmingham Jefferson  Convention Complex."
"CHARLOTTE, NC -- The Hornets left this basketball-crazy city two years ago in a dispute over a new stadium, leaving behind angry fans and leaders disappointed with losing the first big-time pro sports team ever based in North Carolina."
" DHAKA (Reuters) - Extra armed police patrolled the streets  of the Bangladeshi capital and traffic was light on Sunday, a  working day, as shocked Bangladeshis woke up to the aftermath  of grenade blasts that killed at least 17 people."
"IBMhas successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday."
"Part hat, part mask, part visor, it's a new piece of bicycle headgear."
"If getting to the Super Bowl is half the fun, getting back is nearly impossible. No team over the last five seasons has gone to the NFL championship game in consecutive seasons, and "
Coach Klaus Augenthaler believes Bayer Leverkusen let a nervous Real Madrid off the hook by allowing the Spanish side to grab a 1-1 Champions League draw on Tuesday.
"Novell has filed a lawsuit against Microsoft, charging that the software giant thwarted sales of its WordPerfect software by withholding technical information and by making the Windows OS inhospitable to the application."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Top Japanese wireless carrier NTT DoCoMo  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=9437.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;9437.T&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday it would launch a 3G phone equipped  for use overseas and including a video conferencing function,  getting a leg-up on its closest rival, KDDI Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=9433.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;9433.T&lt;/A&gt;."
"Some wildlife experts want to make the greater sage grouse an endangered species icon. Its Western habitat, unfortunately, is atop some of the nation #39;s largest untapped natural gas fields."
"Marsh  amp; McLennan, the broker at the centre of America #39;s insurance scandal, is setting up a \$230m compensation fund as it tries to rescue its tarnished image."
"Mylan Laboratories Inc. #39;s board Monday shunned an overture by financier Carl Icahn and said the company intends to remain independent while pursuing its proposed acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals, which Icahn opposes."
"  Four years ago this weekend, then-Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright visited North Korea, in what appeared to be a breakthrough in U.S. relations with the reclusive Stalinist government. Today, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell leaves on what may be his last official visit to East Asia -- hopping through Japan, China and South Korea over three days -- with the crisis over North Korea's nuclear ambitions at the top of his agenda."
"Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - About 60 members of the Toronto Police Services left for New York City Thursday to take part in upcoming ceremonies marking the third anniversary of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."
Connecticut at Washington Eastern Conference first round 12:00 pm EDT ----- WASHINGTON (Ticker) -- The top-seeded Connecticut Sun attempt to continue their dominance of the Washington Mystics when 
Federal agents and international allies arrest 28 suspects thought to have traded in credit card numbers and financial information.
"The Environmental Protection Agency has suspended a controversial study aimed at exploring how infants and toddlers absorb pesticides and other household chemicals, officials said this past week."
"After four days of painstaking negotiations, technology and consumer groups said they have failed to reach a consensus with the entertainment industry on the language of the Induce Act, a proposed bill making it illegal to encourage copyright infringement "
India fans will be able to watch the Test series against Australia after a domestic television deal is reached.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elena Dementieva broke the heart of  Jennifer Capriati when her spine-tingling 6-0, 2-6, 7-6 victory  over the American on Friday set up an all-Russian U.S. Open  final against Svetlana Kuznetsova."
I am expecting the Red Sox to beat the Cardinals. The Red Sox are an unbelievable team determined to achieve their goal of winning the World Series.
Manchester United have announced they have reached an  quot;outline agreement quot; for the transfer of Wayne Rooney from Everton.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Belo Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BLC.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday  it would cut more than 3 percent of its work force, mostly at  its Dallas Morning News, which is grappling with a recent  scandal into inflated circulation data provided to advertisers."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer will announce on Tuesday he will run for governor of  the state in 2006, a spokeswoman said."
"United Airlines agreed Friday to hire a consulting firm to review its pending business plan, a step sought by two unions in exchange for dropping legal action against the carrier."
"Barry Bonds, the fastidious health and fitness expert, would have us believe he accepted a tube of mystery goo from his personal trainer, followed the instructions, massaged the potion into his skin and didn #39;t know he was using illegal steroids."
AP - Hurricane Frances is still messing up the major league baseball schedule.
Former Chinese President Jiang Zemin gives up his last official position as head of the military.
It #39;s likely that Yogi Berra has never kicked a soccer ball in his life. Yet one of his more famous utterances could easily be applied to Tuesday #39;s press conference held by the San Jose Earthquakes: It #39;s dj vu all over again.
"Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks finally won approval from John Garamen, Californias insurance commissioner, to create the nation's largest health insurer."
"Burt Rutan, the man who designed and masterminded the X-Prize winning SpaceShipOne, says the craft will only be used for people, not experiments."
AFP - A 10-year-old Afghan boy saved from death after being airlifted to Canada for emergency heart surgery has flown home with a new lease on life.
"Although revenue slipped during the past quarter, rising software license sales and higher earnings have i2 Technologies Inc. officials hopeful about the future."
"AP - Brazil has emphasized that its commitment to an international treaty meant to stop the spread of nuclear weapons may not be open-ended, and it continues to resist giving U.N. inspectors access to its technology that can make such weapons, diplomats said Thursday."
AP - All-Pro left tackle Jonathan Ogden signed a new seven-year contract Thursday with the Baltimore Ravens.
"The company rolls out many new products, including its version of the iPod. Also: Sprint and SBC let customers use both companies' wi-fi connections   hellip;. Regulators approve a generic form of an antinausea drug   hellip;. and more."
"Paula Radcliffe believes she is ready in every respect to challenge for the ING New York City Marathon title on Sunday. Radcliffe insisted she is top shape after arriving in the Big Apple, and although her "
"The Hungarian weightlifter Ferenc Gyurkovics has failed a drugs test and risks losing his Olympic silver medal, a national Olympic committee spokesman said yesterday, while the Russian 400m "
British conglomerate Virgin Group Ltd. announced Tuesday that it is in talks with a mainland Chinese telecommunications company to set up a joint venture to provide mobile services in China.
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - President Bush was targetedfor assassination by Colombia's biggest Marxist rebel groupthis week when he visited the Caribbean port city of Cartagena,a top Colombian official said on Saturday.&lt;/p&gt;"
"Wisconsin Rapids-based Northland Cranberries Inc. has agreed to sell its cranberry processing operations, including its Wisconsin Rapids plant and cranberry inventory, to rival Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc."
"SAN FRANCISCO, SEPTEMBER 22: Peoplesoft Inc will push ahead with a new marketing alliance and other initiatives in the face of a court ruling that raises the chance that Oracle Corps \$7."
"\Angry mobs in Ivory Coast's main city, Abidjan, marched on the airport, hours after it came under French control."
"SANTIAGO, 21 November 2004 - The US-led war on terror must include a resolution to the Palestinian question and involve a broader coalition, Washingtons Asia-Pacific partners warned yesterday as leaders of 21 Pacific Rim economies opened a two "
French Finance Minister Herve Gaymard said Monday that  quot;the American and Asian authorities quot; should work together with Europe to deal with the weakness of the US dollar.
"ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm's gold medal just lost its luster. A scoring mistake at the all-around gymnastics final cost South Korea's Yang Tae-young the gold that ended up going to Hamm, the International Gymnastics Federation ruled Saturday..."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Fabian Andres Cambero&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - As the setting sun castslong shadows over a Caracas cemetery, crime-weary Venezuelanspray at the tomb of the notorious thief Ismael, believing heand other dead gangsters can protect them against violentattacks and robberies.&lt;/p&gt;"
"International Business Machines Corp. has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of \$320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said on Wednesday."
"I #39;m tired of letting the bloggers have all the fun, so I figured I #39;d better come up with my own conspiracy theory to explain the much-discussed but mostly meaningless "
The Giants showed on Saturday that they can win even the biggest games without Barry Bonds #39;s bat. Pedro Feliz hit a tie-breaking grand slam with two outs 
"Alan Greenspan came to the home of the euro on Friday and suggested that the relentless decline of the dollar might well continue, offering little relief to those here "
South Koreas Samsung Electronics has developed the worlds fastest computer memory chip for graphics applications. Samsung said the 512-megabit graphics double-data-rate (GDDR) memory chip is the most 
"During last Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race, amid the ongoing furor over Dale Earnhardt Jr. #39;s salty language, NBC ran a commercial for a show coming on later that night called  quot;Law  amp; Order: Criminal Intent."
The D.C. retail and real estate magnate  amended his will two weeks before his death to give his new wife control over the bulk of his \$50 million estate and shut his three children out of any inheritance.
"AP - If environmental policy were scored like grade-school spelling tests, New England's mercury reduction efforts wouldn't get any gold stars."
"In 1939, a young Joe Louis fought a heavyweight title bout against close friend John Henry Lewis, a longtime light heavyweight champion."
"Kenenisa Bekele used a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday to claim the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously occupied by his Ethiopian countryman, Haile Gebrselassie."
"EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Tiki Barber scored on a 3-yard run with 11 seconds to play and Eli Manning threw three touchdown passes as the Giants edged the Dallas Cowboys, 28-24, last night in a wild finale to the NFL regular season.The late heroics provided Manning with his first career victory and spoiled a great effort by Cowboys quarterback Vinny ..."
"Top leaders of Armenia, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Moldova have paid homage to late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping on the occasion of his 100th birthday."
"Keeping the faith, Susan Forbes called the Red Sox a month ago to book Fenway Park for a postseason party."
"Mark Potts, a self-described ""recovering journalist,"" says with a bit of understatement: ""It isn't Woodward and Bernstein stuff."""
" LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar stalled against the euro on  Wednesday with markets mesmerized by the prospect of a U.S.  rate rise next week, but the yen rose slightly on increased  talk of revaluation of the Chinese yuan."
"Reuters - Tens of thousands of stunned, giddy Red\Sox fans stumbled through the streets of New England on\Thursday morning to celebrate something many thought\impossible: a World Series victory for baseball's perennial\also-rans that put an end to an 86-year-old curse."
The government faces a warning today from Robin Cook and a liberal-oriented foundation that it must work harder to reverse the increasingly authoritarian tendencies of Vladimir Putin.
"Scientists have found fossilised remains of what could be the last common ancestor to all the great apes living today. It will give scientists vital clues in charting the course of primate and, ultimately, human evolution."
"For Virginia Tech's corps of freshman wide receivers -- Josh Hyman, Eddie Royal, Josh Morgan and Justin Harper -- the future seems very much in the present."
"\The proportion of surfers using Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. "
"Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A Muslim leader under attack for calling Jews ""brothers of monkeys and swine"" says he is no anti-Semite."
"AFP - An Olympic Airlines plane bound for New York was diverted to Ireland following a bomb alert, just three days after the Greek carrier was rocked by a similar incident, airport officials said."
"AP - Interior ministers of Iraq's neighboring states plus Egypt are to convene for a two-day meeting in Tehran on Nov. 30, Iran's official news agency reported Saturday."
Steve Francis and Shaquille O #39;Neal enjoyed big debuts with their new teams. Kobe Bryant found out he can #39;t carry the Lakers all by himself.
"Palestinian legislators voted yesterday to back an anti-corruption reform package, but feared nothing would come of it as President Yasser Arafat was withholding his stamp of approval."
"AP - Arizona State tailback and leading rusher Hakim Hill will be available Saturday when the 20th-ranked Sun Devils face No. 7 California on the road, after being benched last week."
TORONTO (CP) - Sprint Communications Co. has again split big wireless network equipment contracts between Nortel Networks Corp. and Lucent Technologies.
"Microsoft's security-minded SP2 update to Windows XP finally makes it out the door, but not without stumbling."
" THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan  Milosevic condemned his war crimes trial as a ""pure farce"" on  Wednesday in a defiant finish to his opening defense statement  against charges of ethnic cleansing in the Balkans."
"There is more violence in Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, on the sixth day of an economic blockade imposed by Maoist rebels on the city."
"Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Inc., which has restaurants in 41 states, said it will pay \$8.7 million to settle all discrimination lawsuits brought or supported by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People."
"AFP - Former deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim launched a final bid to completely clear his name, a challenge rare in Malaysia's legal system and a move which could lead to his immediate return to politics."
Airbus inflamed the transatlantic trade dispute with Boeing yesterday by declaring that it would apply for up to 1bn (690m) in launch aid for its proposed 
System administrators who have been installing Windows XP Service Pack 2 on their own PCs and on test systems are reporting the results of their practice runs to the SANS Institute Web site--and the failure rate seems to be pretty high. 
"Two years ago in his Pre-Budget Report, Gordon Brown bit the bullet and admitted that he had got his borrowing forecasts badly wrong, revising them sharply higher."
" BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - A militant Iraqi group said it  had killed 12 Nepali hostages and showed pictures of one being  beheaded and others being gunned down in the worst violence  against captives since a wave of kidnappings erupted in April."
"Four men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorist offences following a sting operation organised by a Sunday newspaper, police said last night."
"KITCHENER, Ont. (CP) - Shares of auto parts firm ThyssenKrupp Budd Canada jumped 80 per cent Monday even as its fourth-quarter loss increased to \$10.4 million, from \$6.8 million a year ago, and sales fell off sharply."
"AP - Oregon researchers have started work on a new five-year,  #36;10.3 million biodefense contract to find the proteins associated with bacteria that cause salmonella poisoning and typhoid fever, and the virus that causes monkeypox."
"AFP - Retail sales in Britain rebounded by 0.6 percent in August, buoyed by higher sales in food, department and clothing stores, defying expectations of a second monthly decline."
INSPECTOR Hacker of the Yard has fingered the collar of a UK man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems in May. Cyber plods from the Metropolitan Police Computer Crime Unit swooped on houses 
"Reuters - Romania's centrist opposition, buoyed\by a presidential election victory of their leader Traian\Basescu, put pressure on the ruling left on Wednesday to\abandon its bid to cling to power or face early elections."
"US IT giant IBM and a number of research organisations have launched the World Community Grid, a global humanitarian effort that applies the unused computing power of individual and business computers to help address the world #39;s most difficult health and "
"Prosecutors dropped sexual assault charges against two high school football players accused of raping a 15-year-old schoolmate. Charges against the boys, ages 15 and 17, were dropped Wednesday."
"Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, 5 percent of its workforce, in hopes of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs."
"An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7 hit Japan #39;s northern island of Hokkaido early this morning, causing injuries and triggering a tsunami warning."
The EU #39;s aid chief said the violence in Sudan #39;s Darfur region had worsened since the government and rebels signed new security agreements two weeks ago.
"Reuters - The head of UAL Corp.'s United\Airlines said on Thursday the airline's restructuring plan\would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was\not clear how many."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Bush on Monday formally  ended the broad U.S. trade embargo on Libya to reward it for  giving up weapons of mass destruction but left in place some  U.S. terrorism-related sanctions.
"DETROIT: General Motors Corp posted on Thursday disappointing quarterly earnings and cut its 2004 profit forecast due to mounting losses in Europe and slowing growth in China, sending its shares down 5."
"ICANN, the body that oversees the core functionality of the Internet and is responsible for regulating top level domains or TLDs (such as ."
"Rocky Mountain vacation resorts said their advance ski season sales are up from a year ago, while Texas retailers reported a recent run on high-definition televisions."
Yachting is one of the new luxuries for Moscow's superrich.
"AP - Excerpts of remarks Wednesday by President Bush in Mason City, Iowa, and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry in Waterloo, Iowa, as transcribed by e-Media Millworks Inc."
One of the factors that the decriers of the St Leger often forget is that an integral part of this sport is the spectacle that it provides.
"Top-seeded Tim Henman was ousted by Croatian nemesis Ivan Ljubicic 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 in the third round of the Madrid Masters on Thursday."
"Cardiffs Millennium Stadium will host this seasons FA Cup semi-finals as well as the final. It will be the first time the venue has hosted the semi-finals, with Old Trafford and Villa Park having been favoured in recent years."
"SAN FRANCISCO - EBay Inc. announced a senior management reorganization Thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company #39;s tremendously profitable PayPal division."
"If you are looking for the most interesting fallout from the mutual fund scandals of the past year, don't go looking in old headlines. Look instead at some fairly new court cases."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is set to open little  changed on Monday as crude prices remain near their record  highs, but insurers may slip on worries about their potential  liabilities after a hurricane struck Florida on Friday."
"Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Israeli soldiers were behind an explosion at a house used by Hamas gunmen in Gaza City that killed five Palestinians, the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz said, citing an unidentified Israel Defense Forces official. "
"GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands Sept. 13, 2004 - A strengthened Hurricane Ivan headed toward the tip of western Cuba with 160 mph winds Monday after pummeling the Cayman Islands with flooding that swamped homes and fierce winds that ripped off roofs."
Reuters - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf promised visiting Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Monday that Pakistan would not allow Islamic militants to use Pakistani soil to disrupt Afghanistan's October elections.
"Reuters - EU fisheries ministers agreed quotas\on Tuesday for new member states to catch deepwater fish,\exotic but threatened species that are fast becoming an\alternative to mainstays like cod and hake, officials said."
 THE HAGUE (Reuters) - South African President Thabo Mbeki  said on Wednesday it might be necessary to send more troops to  Ivory Coast to quell tension unless there is a deal soon  between the government and rebels.
"A mortar attack on an Israeli military post in the southern Gaza Strip injured 11 soldiers, the Israel Defense Forces said. Israeli troops hours later raided the Khan Younis refugee camp, the Haaretz newspaper reported."
"AP - The San Francisco Giants kept pace with Houston in the wild-card race, and gave themselves an outside chance of overtaking Los Angeles in the NL West."
"BAGHDAD -- A US journalist with Boston-area ties who was abducted by militants in Iraq and threatened with death said in a video aired yesterday that his captors were treating him well, while an Italian journalist also was reported missing in the war-torn country."
"A PROPOSAL to settle a lawsuit brought last year by PeopleSoft shareholders has failed to clear court, after a judge found it unfairly cut off their right to sue over the company #39;s resistance to a takeover by Oracle."
"12 December 2004 -- Insurgents in Iraq conducted attacks across the country today, killing two US soldiers and an Iraqi policeman."
"I love overclockers - I don #39;t know if it #39;s the nerves of steel needed to run components so far beyond their factory specifications that they need to be refrigerated, or the glowing water cooling pipes they use, or it might even be the UV lamps and dodgy "
"Reuters - A 20-year-old giant panda and mother of\13, including four sets of twins, has been giving her keepers\the runaround, pretending to be expecting yet again."
French police are investigating an arson-caused fire at a Jewish Social Center that might have killed dozens without the quick response of firefighters.
NEW YORK -- Embattled insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday that five members of its board of directors -- all of them executives of the company -- are leaving the board.
"The move is a step sought by two unions in exchange for dropping legal action against the carrier. If the hiring of Bridge Associates LLC is formally approved in bankruptcy court, the move will end a two-month "
"Swedish research institute finds that 10 or more years of cell phone use may increase the risk of acoustic neuroma, a noncancerous tumor."
"Investcorp SA, a private investment firm, has inked a \$350 million all-cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by The Thomson Corp."
AP - Jason Campbell hit Courtney Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1:14 to play and No. 14 Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No. 5 LSU Saturday.
"After years of signing big-name free agents who became busts, it's ironic that unheralded veterans have keyed the Redskins' top-ranked defense."
"A senior leader of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) in the West Bank was released after two years of detention in an Israeli jail, Palestinian witnesses said Thursday."
"WARSAW, Poland (AP) -- Two Polish troops have been killed and five injured when their vehicles crashed as they were trying to escape an ambush in the central Iraqi city of Hillah, a military spokesman said. "
"Fort Worth, Texas - Blockbuster is tired of being the butt of jokes on Leno and Letterman. And, even closer to home, it wants to eliminate what the company #39;s president calls  quot;those unpleasant conversations at the register."
Mobile operator 02 #39;s parent mmO2 has this morning announced the launch its third-generation European data network. The network will incorporate HSDPA (high-speed downlink packet access) technology and IMS 
"Morgan Stanley was slapped with a \$100,000 fine from regulators on Monday after the investment bank failed to tell municipal bond investors that their holdings could be redeemed before the maturity date."
"Tony Blair has said his Labor party will not cave in despite poor poll ratings, backbench revolts, and protests over hunting and the Iraq war."
"MUMBAI: India #39;s form slump may have left fans disappointed and the critics carping, but they found support from an unlikely quarter on Wednesday."
NEW YORK Profit-taking after Wall Street #39;s nine-session rally left stocks narrowly mixed on Monday even as oil prices continued their downward trend.
" ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - The U.S. Air Force's former No.  2 weapons buyer was sentenced to nine months in prison on  Friday after telling the court she had given Boeing Co. a  rival's secret data and inflated weapons deals to ingratiate  herself with the company, her future employer."
 HONG KONG (Reuters) - Beijing grabbed Hong Kong headlines  on Wednesday with its Olympians singing and dancing into the  hearts of residents days before legislative elections in which  pro-democracy politicians could make gains over pro-China  rivals.
Congress last night passed legislation extending some of President Bush #39;s most-popular middle-class tax cuts - giving Mr. Bush a win heading into the final campaign stretch before Election Day.
"The battering that this month's hurricanes have inflicted on NASA centers could strain an already tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, but it is too early to tell how badly."
"The last time Adam Vinatieri faced the Miami Dolphins, in a 24-10 victory Oct. 10 at Gillette Stadium, the Patriots kicker missed a 47-yard attempt wide right to end a string of seven consecutive successful field goal tries."
"To many observers, there is plenty of entertainment value in the \$2 million suit that Walt Disney investors have filed against the company #39;s board for allegedly rubberstamping the severance package of the company #39;s former president, Michael Ovitz."
"If the Washington Nationals never win a pennant, they have no reason to ever doubt that DC loves them. Yesterday, the District City Council tentatively approved a tab for a publicly financed ballpark that could amount to as much as \$630 million."
"A new political action committee supports candidates who speak for the consumer when it comes to copyright law. The group doesn't have the big bucks of the entertainment companies, but it's just getting started. By Katie Dean."
Microsoft has paid \$536 million to rival Novell as part of its ongoing programme to settle legal disputes that have formed the cornerstone of European regulators #39; action against the software giant.
"WASHINGTON - President Bush used his weekly radio address as a campaign tool Saturday, mentioning his unnamed ""opponent"" five times to plead the case that he, not Democrat John Kerry, has a better slate of domestic policy ideas.    Bush credited his tax cuts for stimulating the economy and said Kerry voted in the Senate to raise taxes..."
MUMBAI: The Rupert Murodch owned media conlgomerate News Corporation has announced that its shareholders and optionholders have approved the companys reincorporation in the US.
(Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels will try to get back on the winning track and break an 18-inning scoreless drought when they open up a crucial three-game set against the Seattle Mariners tonight at Angel Stadium.
The latest machine for helping the Energy Department model nuclear explosions has become the world #39;s most powerful computer. An IBM Corp.
WASHINGTON -- Federal regulators on Thursday adopted rules aimed at tempting electric utilities to offer broadband services -- a move officials hope will someday enable US consumers to jack in to the web from virtually any power outlet.
A US trade body Friday agreed to comply with a NAFTA panel ruling concluding that Canadian softwood lumber imports are no threat to the US industry.
NASA is hoping to break new speed records later today when it will set loose its third X-43A  quot;scramjet #39; #39; over the Pacific Ocean.
"America #39;s largest tobacco companies go on trial on Tuesday as they face a \$280bn (156bn) government lawsuit. Opening arguments will be heard in the case, in which the Justice Department accuses the companies "
AP - Tim Goodwell forced a fumble and returned it 10 yards for a touchdown with 2:22 left and No. 25 Memphis scored 21 points in the final three minutes for a 47-35 comeback victory over Arkansas State on Saturday.
"TORONTO - John Gibbons is getting one chance to turn the Toronto Blue Jays around, and he #39;s happy to have it. Gibbons was given a one-year contract Monday to return as manager after guiding the last-place "
" HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia has taken legal action against  small European handset makers Sagem and Vitelcom on allegations  of patent infringements, the world's largest mobile phone maker  said on Thursday."
"TUCSON - The Arizona football team is sticking with quarterback Kris Heavner, but Wildcats coach Mike Stoops wants the sophomore to improve."
Captain Francesco Totti scored a first-half goal and striker Vincenzo Montella added another in the second period Saturday and AS Roma beat last-place Livorno 2-0 on the road to capture its second win in six Serie A matches.
"Ron Bills will take off next month, leaving Segway to find the fourth CEO in its short history."
&lt;strong&gt;In brief&lt;/strong&gt; A victory for humanity
"BEIJING : Chinese President Hu Jintao was named Sunday to replace elderly leader Jiang Zemin as head of China #39;s powerful Central Military Commission, state press said."
A crew of five rescued off the coast of Cornwall after spending eight days adrift in a liferaft have spoken of their  quot;exhausting and frightening quot; ordeal.
"CAMBRIDGE -- In a quiet entryway of the CambridgeSide Galleria, 75-year-old Mary Dellolio stood gazing out the window, Sears bags in hand, waiting for a ride from a friend. Dellolio said she feels safe in the mall during the daytime but would never venture there after dark, though she lives only two blocks away."
The Milwaukee Brewers have agreed to accept an offer from Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio to buy the team from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.
"DENVER - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ct. 27, 2004  -xima Technology today announced Centauri Business Service Manager(TM) software as an integral element of Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) much-heralded "
"S amp;P Equity Research maintained ratings for PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) and Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ). On Saturday, 61 of PeopleSoft shareholders tendered their stock in favor of Oracle #39;s offer of \$24 a share for the company."
The Argentines did not even wait for the final buzzer to sound before beginning their celebration. Luis Scola #39;s dunk with 4.5 seconds remaining prompted Pepe Sanchez to rip off his jersey as his teammates flooded the court.
" LONDON (Reuters) - Iraq has become a magnet for foreign  terrorists since the U.S.-led invasion last year and there are  not enough troops to cope, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Britain  said on Thursday."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Two bomb blasts shook separate areas of  central Baghdad on Monday, killing at least 10 people and  wounding 70, while U.S. and Iraqi forces pursued their  offensive against rebel strongholds elsewhere in the country."
DVERTISERS have uncovered a world of young men with plenty of time on their hands and money to spend - a highly coveted demographic - in an unlikely place.
LAS VEGAS -- Too big. That's what it came down to last night for Shane Mosley.
"Engineers at Hewlett-Packard are working on  quot;virus throttling quot; software that could slow the spread of viruses and worms, possibly limiting the destruction hackers inflict on millions of computers each year."
AP - Members of a U.S. military commission are being challenged by defense attorneys who say their ties to the war on terror could affect their ability to fairly judge four detainees charged with war crimes.
Irfan Pathan is raw and animated; Anil Kumble is polished and low key. Pathan just picked his first five-wicket haul in the Test match at Dhaka; Kumble has 28 in the bag and an Indian record for most number of wickets.
"The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries wants oil prices to fall faster to an ideal price of around US\$30 a barrel, and will discuss whether to increase production at a meeting next month, the group #39;s president said Thursday."
Parliament failed Tuesday to agree on constitutional changes and election reforms.
"Orders for  #39;big-ticket #39; goods in the US crept up by a smaller than expected margin in September, hit by a sharp fall in demand for planes, government figures showed today."
"Eindhoven, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - PSV Eindhoven will be without striker Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for up to six weeks due to a shoulder injury."
"British soldiers in central Iraq and Basra came under renewed attack from insurgents yesterday, as British commanders set out in detail the role which the Black Watch regiment will play in the forthcoming assault US assault on Fallujah."
"The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose, spurred by gains among computer-related shares after the New York Times reported Symantec Corp."
"PINAR DEL RIO, Cuba - Packing ferocious winds and whipping up monstrous waves, Hurricane Ivan's eye brushed Cuba's sparsely populated western tip as a treacherous Category 5 storm - the most powerful - and barreled north toward the U.S. Gulf Coast..."
p2pnet.net News:- Four ex-Microsoft employees from the Seattle-area have been charged with stealing software worth \$32.4 million from the company.
 SKOPJE (Reuters) - Macedonian opposition parties looked  headed for a flop on Sunday in their referendum bid to block a  Western-inspired law that gives the ethnic Albanian minority  more local autonomy.
"Seattle #39;s Russian community reacted with a mixture of sorrow, anger and frustration yesterday: sorrow for the children who died in the hostage crisis at a school in Beslan, Russia; anger "
"ATHENS, Greece The Dominican Republic has its first Olympic gold medal. Felix Sanchez won the men #39;s 400 meter hurdles in 47-point-63 seconds."
"Martin Frankel,  who defrauded insurance companies out of more than \$200m is jailed for 16 years"
"Anil Kumble, the India spinner, has become only the ninth player to claim 400 Test wickets as Australia ended the first day of the opening Test in Bangalore on 316 for five."
NEW YORK -- Google Inc. faces serious headwinds as it prepares to launch its long-anticipated initial public offering despite a lacklustre equity market and questions about the company #39;s business plan. 
"LONDON - The number of newcomers to the internet in Britain has surged this year to its highest level since the dotcom heyday of 2001, according to a study."
"AP - Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. could drop by one-third to one-fourth, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said Monday."
"Marking the end of a years-long quest, the team behind the SpaceShipOne rocket plane on Saturday accepted the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for advancements in private space travel and tourism."
"South Korean company sold materials that can be used in chemical weapons to North Korea. Vienna (AsiaNews/Agencies) - By a unanimous resolution of its 137-member general conference in Vienna today, the International "
"If you live for the mens 100 meters and figure that once its over, the rest of the Olympic track meet is just a lot of people from places you couldnt find on a map "
"While Vogue's September issue is still offering its famously dramatic images of 6-foot beauties clad in high fashion, the publication is adding an extra element that is a bit more utilitarian - online shopping."
"Finally on the field, Lee Suggs got the Browns running in the right direction. Suggs, who missed the first three games with a neck injury, rushed for 82 yards and scored on a 3-yard run in the fourth quarter."
AP - Mexican authorities took custody of 74 American youths who were attending two irregularly operated boarding schools and returned them to the United States on Thursday.
"SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. will work with Clearwire Corp., a wireless Internet service provider founded by cellular pioneer Craig McCaw, on future networks based on WiMax wireless broadband technology."
"Bruce Nelson, chairman and chief executive of Office Depot Inc. of Delray Beach, Fla., Monday resigned by mutual agreement with the board."
"The British government condemned racist taunts by fans in Spain aimed at black players on England #39;s team during an exhibition game, and soccer #39;s governing body ordered an investigation Thursday."
 GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants angry over Yasser  Arafat's death attacked a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip  on Thursday in what they said signaled the start of a new round  of clashes against Israel.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. liked the blue-and-yellow threads his Busch Series driver was sporting in yesterday #39;s Bi-Lo 200. He liked the silver hardware he was hoist- ing afterward even better.
Cian O #39;Connor has decided not to accept the ESB/Rehab Irish Person of the Year award he was set to receive tonight. O #39;Connor was chosen as this year #39;s Irish Person of the Year in recognition of his achievement 
"The aftershocks of October #39;s insurance scandal continued to punish Marsh  amp; McLennan (MMC:NYSE - news - research) Tuesday. Just weeks after it was hit with kickback and bid-rigging allegations, the New York "
PARIS : Swiss striker Alexander Frei returned to haunt Marseille on when he scored the winner in Rennes #39; 1-0 win which sent the French giants tumbling into midtable and their fans calling for the resignation of president Christophe Bouchet.
Nokia is bringing in a Coca-Cola executive to take over brand management as part of its plan for regaining market share. 
Southern African leaders have agreed to a set of rules aimed at enhancing the transparency of elections and democratic rule in the region. 
"Cassini-Huygens, the joint NASA/ESA/ASI space mission has successfully made a close encounter with Saturns moon, Titan. This was confirmed in the early hours of this morning as the first information and "
"AP - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have hip surgery Wednesday and is expected to miss four to six weeks, further depleting the team's front court."
ISLAMABAD: Information Minister Sheikh Rashid rejected as pre-election politicking a US officials weekend claim that Osama Bin Laden was close to being captured.
"The Milky Way is a vast, diverse neighborhood. If you're hoping to find Earthlike planets that may harbor life, you'll need to narrow the search. Stars are a good place to start, because the dusty discs around stars spawn young planets."
"Nuclear-armed rivals India and Pakistan will hold talks on the withdrawal of troops from a glacier in disputed Kashmir known as the world #39;s highest battlefield, a defence official said Wednesday."
"ROTTERDAM - Dutch-Indian steel group Ispat International announced on Monday that it had agreed to merge with Dutch LNM Holdings and US International Steel Group to form the world #39;s largest steelmaker, which would be known as Mittal Steel."
"NEW HAVEN, Conn. -- Three college quarterbacks and two running backs, all from undefeated teams, are finalists for the Walter Camp Player of the Year award, officials with the Walter Camp Foundation announced Wednesday."
"The Boston investment firm State Street Research  amp; Management Co. plans to let go 116 employees, or 28 percent of its total staff, according to a filing with city and state officials, a result of its pending acquisition by BlackRock Inc."
"west Communications, the Midwest regional telecommunications giant, has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into its accounting practices, the company #39;s union said yesterday."
"On the Web, a parallel universe of tiny, adorable accessories for tiny, adorable dogs."
"Software602 updates its productivity package, which started as a creation of Czech hobbyists."
"HE was last in Japan as the Terminator, while he was away he became the Governator, and now he #39;s back as ... what, the Promotivator?"
"After sending no minor league teams to their respective playoffs, first-year minor league director Doc Rodgers is fired by the Orioles on Wednesday."
"Parmalat SpA is suing 45 financial institutions to try to claw back money lost in the runup to its crash a year ago, the Italian dairy giant said Thursday."
"Hermann Maier faltered to give Bode Miller victory in the men #39;s Giant Slalom at Val d #39;Isre on Sunday. Maier had led after the first leg but, along with fellow Austrian #39;s Gruber and Raich, stuttered on the "
"AP - The United Nations has not sent enough election workers to help out with vital balloting in Iraq set for January, the Iraqi foreign minister said Wednesday."
"OK, class, a pop quiz before the start of school. Two months ago today, in the aftermath of an eight-run loss to the Yankees that had the Nation down in the mouth, one astute observer rendered the following opinion:"
"REDMOND, Wash. - Microsoft Corp. plans a Dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools."
US stock-index futures were little changed. Dow Jones Industrial Average shares including General Electric Co. slipped in Europe. Citigroup Inc.
Sebastian Bourdais set a Mexican Grand Prix course record to win the pole position from teammate Bruno Junqueira on Saturday and edge closer to the Champ Car championship in the season finale.
"When the space station passes across the Sun or moon, the scene offers an interesting demonstration of how planet hunter's look for new candidates by measuring the periodic dimming of a parent star."
Cuba announces a ban on commercial transactions in dollars in response to tighter US sanctions.
Tiki Barber ran for a 52-yard touchdown and Kurt Warner threw a touchdown pass to Jeremy Shockey to lead the New York Giants past the Green Bay Packers 14-7 on Sunday.
"For forty minutes this was the ritualistic slaughter we all expected. We all know that Scottish rugby is in the doldrums and that they have not beaten Australia since 1982, so to expect them to triumph with "
"Jacques Santini steps down as Tottenham manager for ""personal reasons""."
TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario Teachers #39; Pension Plan has struck a \$450 million US deal to buy American laundry equipment maker Alliance Laundry Holdings - the Canadian fund #39;s first acquisition in the United States without a partner.
" TORONTO (Reuters) - Conrad Black's Hollinger Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLGc.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HLGc.TO&lt;/A&gt;  announced the terms of its proposal to buy out minority  shareholders on Tuesday, just one day after U.S. regulators  charged both Black and the company with fraud."
\The southern Chinese city of Guangzhou abandons a plan to build the world's tallest building.
"ATLANTA - With plenty of incentive, Rafael Furcal made sure the Atlanta Braves #39; season lasts at least two more games. Set to report to jail once the post-season ends, Furcal hit a two-out, two-run homer "
Romanians go to the polls to choose between the governing ex-communists and a strong opposition alliance.
"Horace Small knows it's a bad idea to write checks without enough money in the bank to cover them. But with property taxes and car insurance making huge dents in his income, the neighborhood organizer occasionally relies on the  quot;float quot; -- the two or three days it takes for checks to clear -- to juggle all of his payments."
"Senior Palestinian and Israeli leaders held separate meetings Sunday to plan a path forward in the absence of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who was being examined in a French hospital for an unknown ailment."
"Damascus - A French lawmaker involved in negotiations to free two French journalists held hostage in Iraq said on Friday that a convoy bringing the two to Syria came under US fire, scuttling their release."
" SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest software maker, on Thursday said its quarterly profit  climbed as sales rose, but the company's revenue forecast for  the current quarter fell below Wall Street estimates."
" JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia has confirmed the kidnapping  of two Indonesian women in Iraq and advised any other nationals  in the country to leave immediately, a Foreign Ministry  official said on Friday."
Hungary #39;s prime minister said yesterday that the country #39;s 300 troops stationed in Iraq will return home by the end of March.
AP - The Denver Broncos were hoping to find some kind of offensive rhythm headed into the regular season.
LIVERPOOL revived their hopes of qualifying for the last 16 of the Champions League in emphatic style last night as Rafael Benitez used his inside knowledge of the Spanish game to steer his side to a stunning win over Deportivo La Coruna.
"Tiger Woods and Colin Montgomerie managed a little separation from those in pursuit Friday, each riding tournament-best rounds of 66 to a two-shot lead midway through the Target World Challenge at Sherwood Country Club."
"The Cassini spacecraft's first radar images of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, have revealed a diverse frozen landscape of bright streaks and dark regions."
The research firm cites a decline in shipments from PalmOne and the withdrawal of Sony from the U.S. market.
"DECEMBER 03, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Hewlett-Packard Co. said yesterday that it has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq Computer Corp."
MICROSOFT has unveiled a new range of peripherals that include the company #39;s first foray into biometric identification on the desktop.
"John Hopkins caused a surprise by claiming provisional pole position this morning for the Japanese Grand Prix at Motegi. The Suzuki rider, who has endured a mediocre season so far, stole the limelight from "
"Athens, Aug 19. (PTI):Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi overcame an injury scare and world number one singles #39; player Roger Federer of Switzerland to advance to the quarterfinals of the men #39;s doubles tennis event at the Olympic Games here on Wednesday. "
"The future of Varig, Brazil's flagship airline, was thrown into confusion Wednesday after the country's vice president downplayed a top official's announcement that the carrier would be taken over by the government to save it from collapsing under a mountain of debt."
Leaders Olympique Lyon earned the title of Ligue 1 winter champions for the first time as a 1-1 draw at home to Olympique Marseille on Friday left them unbeaten 
"Congress drafts two bills to implement the 9/11 Commission's recommendations. Critics say neither has adequate privacy or civil liberties safeguards, but the House version includes a litany of assaults on individuals' rights. By Ryan Singel."
"The National Hockey League rejected an offer from the players in the latest round of labor negotiations Thursday, leaving little hope of avoiding a lockout start to the season next month."
"ISTANBUL, Turkey -- Striker Andriy Shevchenko scored twice as Ukraine upset Turkey 3-0 in their World Cup qualifier to move clear at the top of Group Two."
"BOSTON - The Yankees kept circling the bases, battering Boston's beleaguered pitching staff. By the time the long, long night ended with a devastating 19-8 rout over the Red Sox, the dreaded New Yorkers were just one game away from a shocking sweep..."
Oil prices rose in early trading Wednesday after the government reported that supplies shrank more than expected following production and shipping disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan.
"Take notice Derek Jeter, Alex Rodriguez, and Gary Sheffield: If you crowd the plate, you are going to hear a symphony of chin music. Or worse, you could get hit with a 90-mile-per-hour fastball in tonight's Game 3 of the American League Championship Series at Fenway Park."
Martial law has been imposed in parts of the Chinese province of Henan after ethnic clashes in which witnesses say several people were killed.
"John McEnroe has previously worked with young British players, but the Lawn Tennis Association has now hooked up with another American left-hander with a fiery reputation."
An aviation analyst believes Air New Zealand and Qantas will amend their bid to form an alliance and work instead on sharing resources.
"And this comes straight from the horses mouth! Software giant Microsoft has finally acknowledged Linux as its strongest competitor, much to the delight of Australias open source industry association (OSIA)."
"AP - Two centuries ago, before Lewis and Clark went in search of a passage to the Pacific Ocean, David Thompson paddled the Columbia River, worked to establish a trading alliance with Mandan Indians and made maps of North America that ultimately became the guide for explorers who followed him."
"Fannie Mae, the government-sponsored mortgage company whose financial statements were strongly criticized in a report by its regulator last week, looks set to join Enron and WorldCom in the hall of accounting infamy."
Company hopes to attract users who will later upgrade to its small business software.
"MILAN - Alitalia headed into eleventh-hour talks with unions today, a putative deadline for clinching plans to avoid bankruptcy, after winning a key deal with pilots."
" DALLAS (Reuters) - Several Wall Street analysts cut their  forecast on earnings for American Airlines parent AMR Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AMR.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday while the airline's chief executive said  high fuel prices had stung the world's largest carrier."
TROUBLED business software company Computer Associates has reportedly selected long-time IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive.
Scientists move swiftly to quash reports that a possible contact has been received from  extraterrestrial life.
"Linz, Austria (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo of France led the parade into the semifinals at the \$585,000 Generali Ladies Linz tennis event."
"The longest winning streak in high school football history came to a crushing end late Saturday night. De La Salle High School, which had fashioned 12 consecutive undefeated "
Vitali Klitschko said he wants to join the political fight in his native Ukraine after an emphatic defense of his World Boxing Council heavyweight title against Danny Williams on Saturday.
"Colombian ex-presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt reaches her 1,000th day as a hostage of Marxist guerrillas."
"ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final. Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries..."
China welcomed on Thursday Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto climate change protocol and urged countries that have not done so to follow suit.
"THE search mechanism used by the Kazaa file-sharing network could contain malicious code, the Federal Court heard yesterday. Counsel for the record companies, John Nicholas SC, said in recent years there had "
"Walpole ended its regular season with a 35-12 victory over Weymouth yesterday, but for the 10-1 Rebels, it was just the first stage."
"&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; 12 great guides, 12 great prices"
"Nintendo says it already has sold 500,000 of its newly released Nintendo DS handheld gaming systems, about 90 percent of the inventory shipped to the United States."
"Japanese stocks fell, paced by exporters such as Canon Inc. and Nissan Motor Co., after a US government report showed that the world #39;s largest economy added fewer jobs in November than some economists had expected."
"(AGI)  Rome, Italy, Aug 24  The president of the Left Democrat MPs, Luciano Violante, speaking of the abduction of the Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni in Iraq said that it was necessary not to surrender to the blackmail of terrorists."
"The Miami Dolphins plan to play the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday despite the threat of Hurricane Jeanne. The hurricane is expected to hit Florida #39;s east coast this weekend, most likely Sunday morning."
"Chile took a key step Wednesday toward confronting the grim legacy of abuses under the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, completing a lengthy report on torture and political imprisonment with testimonies from some 35,000 victims."
Bombardier Recreational Products Inc. said Monday it had settled a three-year-old patent infringement lawsuit filed by Simmons Inc.
"Seattle - Software giant Microsoft is hoping to repel a challenge from Internet rivals Google and Yahoo by launching its own search engine on Thursday, according to reports on Wednesday in the American technology press."
Russian Mikhail Youzhny reached the final of the China Open with a surprise win over Paradorn Srichaphan. The sixth-seeded Thai struggled to find his rhythm and dropped his serve in each set to lose 6-4 6-4.
"Reuters - Lovers of California's classic\cars, celebrated in the Beach Boys song for ""fun, fun, fun,""\worried that a new state law could take their T-birds and\little deuce coupes away."
Opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko took a symbolic oath of office in his country's parliament Tuesday as supporters rallied to challenge official vote counts that gave an insurmountable lead to his opponent.
"Two 2-0 teams, Terrell Owens and Steve Mariucci make the Eagles-Lions matchup about as attractive to Bay Area fans as an early-season game not involving the 49ers or Raiders can be."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government has sued a New  Hampshire man in its first attempt to crack down on Internet  ""spyware"" that seizes control of a user's computer without  permission."
"The last time the Marshfield girls' soccer team traveled to the Division 1 state final, in 2000, it earned its ticket by defeating Newton North in the EMass final. The last time they won a state title, in 1994, the Rams beat Newton North on penalty kicks."
"Typhoon Chaba tore across southwestern Japan Monday, killing at least five people and knocking out electricity for thousands as it swirled its way north, dumping heavy rain and whipping up huge seas."
"San Jose, CA (Sports Network) - San Jose State head football coach Fitz Hill announced his resignation, effective at season #39;s end."
"US warplanes fired on insurgent targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City overnight, killing at least one person and injuring 12 -- many of them children -- hospital officials said yesterday."
"This isn #39;t good news for the Phillies, who thought they had beefed up their pitching staff, or for the Marlins, who felt their offense gave them an edge."
"A new online music service, Peer Impact, has signed deals with three major music labels -- Sony BMG, Universal and Warner. What sets Peer Impact apart is its use of a peer-to-peer distribution "
Two goals from Nicolas Anelka are enough to give Man City their first away win of the season.
"The Santa Clara, Calif.-based chip giant climbed back up the rankings in the flash memory market in the third quarter, according to research firm iSuppli, thanks to its pricing strategy."
"WASHINGTON Sept. 24, 2004 - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush "
"Anthem #39;s yearlong effort to buy WellPoint Health Networks is now focused on Georgia, where the insurance commissioner says he wants cash concessions like those given in California."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WWY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WWY.N&lt;/A&gt; is buying  the Life Savers and Altoids candy and mint businesses from  Kraft Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KFT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KFT.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$1.48 billion, the companies said  on Monday."
AP - Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as investors took profits after five straight sessions of gains. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
"Innovation has become an all-purpose tonic, the default prescription for every pain associated with the retrenching American economy. Whatever the problem -- slower growth, global competition, fewer well-paying jobs -- innovating, we are told, is the solution."
AP - An Iraqi insurgent group said on its Web site Tuesday it had taken 11 Iraqi National Guard soldiers hostage and showed pictures of them in uniform.
"Persistent and alarming lapses in security at Manchester airport have been exposed by an undercover BBC film, which shows planes left unlocked overnight and falsification of x-ray search records."
"THE Australian share market finished slightly weaker today, as investors continued to engage in some profit taking after last week #39;s record highs."
AP - Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin returned to the team on Sunday for the first time in nine months.
"Kansas City's star running back Priest Holmes, who was leading the NFL in scoring and rushing when he got hurt Nov. 7, will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury."
" SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Twins Bob and Mike Bryan breezed  past Spain's Tommy Robredo and Juan Carlos Ferrero on Saturday  to give the United States a glimmer of hope of rescuing the  Davis Cup final."
"BAGHDAD - The 48-hour deadline set by a group of Islamic militants for Japan to agree to withdraw its troops from Iraq expired Thursday night, with the group threatening to behead a 24-year-old Japanese hostage if Tokyo ignores its demand."
"AP - Cell phone giant Vodafone Group PLC, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3G licences, finally launched the cutting-edge service Wednesday in much of Europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other countries."
"New Jersey Nets center Alonzo Mourning, who underwent a kidney transplant in December, will attempt a return to the NBA. Mourning, 34, will participate in the team #39;s training camp, which begins in about a month."
" MIAMI (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay  Fiedler was placed on injured reserve Tuesday with a herniated  disk in his neck, ending his 2004 season."
"US manufacturers cranked out more goods in recent weeks, while auto dealers moved more vehicles off their lots and trucking companies tried to find enough drivers to keep up with growing demand."
AP - The webmasters got their wish. Florida finally decided to fireronzook.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose close to a record high  on Tuesday on U.S. economic data showing that inflationary  pressure was held in check in July and ahead of weekly  inventory due out on Wednesday and forecast to show a draw in  crude stocks.
Crude oil futures were little changed in New York after surging 5.4 percent on Nov. 19 on speculation falling temperatures in Europe will boost competition with the US for heating fuel.
AP - Kyle Boller displayed the poise and confidence of a maturing second-year quarterback in leading the Baltimore Ravens to their third straight victory.
"Crude oil prices stay close to record levels at more than \$51 a barrel, amid production problems in the Gulf of Mexico."
" BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Sinn Fein, the  political ally of the IRA, cast doubt Saturday on whether a  deal to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland could be  struck with its arch foes, led by firebrand cleric Ian Paisley,  at talks next week."
"AP - Aberhet Amha was an aspiring runner, winning medals for her school and dreaming of adding her name to the long list of great Ethiopian Olympic athletes. But just before her 12th birthday, Aberhet stepped on a land mine."
Chip maker wants you to know about the benefits of a wireless network.
"American Express Co., the travel and financial services giant, on Monday sued Visa and MasterCard along with eight banks for damages stemming from anticompetitive practices that prevented American Express from issuing cards through U.S. banks."
"The year is 1992, and life stinks for Carl Johnson. His mom #39;s been murdered, his family is in disarray, his childhood friends have turned against him, and corrupt cops are framing him for a murder somebody else committed."
"Roger Clemens got his 326th win to tie Eddie Plank for 11th on the career list, and the Houston Astros hit four first-inning home runs to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5-2 Wednesday and tie a team record with their 12th straight win."
AP - Madden NFL 2005 and Spider-Man 2 are among the dozen video games Nintendo Co. says it plans to offer for is new DS handheld system within a month of the product's November launch.
"The hand tool manufacturer beats estimates, but internal growth can't match competition."
"German state banking group KfW is selling up to 4 billion euros (2.8 billion pounds) worth of shares in Deutsche Telekom, continuing the privatisation of the German phone operator."
A high-stakes dispute over government loans to airplane maker Airbus reached a tipping point yesterday when top trade officials from the United States and Europe failed to find common ground.
Gold Fields Ltd. may bring forward the date for shareholders to vote on its proposed \$2.1 billion purchase of Canada #39;s Iamgold Corp.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. regulators are set to give  Cingular Wireless final approval for its \$41 billion purchase  of AT T Wireless Services Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday, on condition  that it sells assets including wireless airwaves in more than  16 markets, according to a source close to the deal."
 LONDON (Reuters) - World number one Vijay Singh faces a  first-round encounter with victorious European Ryder Cup  captain Bernhard Langer in the World Match Play Championship at  Wentworth Thursday.
"The CD will remain the dominant format for music distribution in Europe at least until the end of the decade, according to a new study."
"\\The Mozilla foundation may be considering a desktop search implementation :\\""Having launched the much-awaited Version 1.0 of the Firefox browser yesterday\(see story), The Mozilla Foundation is busy planning enhancements to the\open-source product, including the possibility of integrating it with a\variety of desktop search tools. The Mozilla Foundation also wants to place\Firefox in PCs through reseller deals with PC hardware vendors and continue to\sharpen the product's pop-up ad-blocking technology.""\\I'm not sure this is a good idea.  Maybe it is though.  The technology just\isn't there for cross platform search.\\I'd have to suggest using Lucene but using GCJ for a native compile into  ...\\"
"Reuters - Netsky-P, an email computer worm\allegedly written by a German teenager, was the hardest-hitting\virus of 2004, disrupting tens of thousands of businesses and\homes worldwide, Web security firm Sophos says."
"AFP - Sudan's government defiantly dismissed a UN deadline for it to disarm its proxy militia in the Darfur region, insisting it would resolve the conflict there through ongoing African Union peace talks."
"Testimony in the sexual abuse trial of former Houston Rockets star Calvin Murphy ended this morning. Jurors will hear closing arguments and begin deliberations Monday, state District Judge Michael McSpadden said."
"The freewheeling wireless industry, known for its upstarts and edgy competition, got a little more run-of-the-mill Wednesday when Sprint and Nextel Communications formally announced a merger "
An ID card says something about a man. Oh yes...
"The dollar bounces back from earlier lows, amid hopes of central bank intervention to support the currency."
"In its most positive assessment of Iran in two years, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported yesterday that it had found no evidence the nation had a nuclear weapons program and that "
New Zealand batsman Mark Richardson said he will retire from cricket next week after a Test career in which he averaged more than 44 runs an innings.
"AP - Gunfire erupted as Haitians calling for the return of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide marched near the presidential palace on Thursday, killing at least three police officers as hundreds scattered to safety in side streets."
"Dutch food retailer Royal Ahold NV said income from its U.S. retail operations plunged 30 percent in the second quarter, blaming sluggish performance at Giant Food and Stop   Shop Stores, its two biggest American chains."
"Pinch-hitter Lenny Harris delivered a three-run double off Eric Gagne with two outs in the ninth, rallying the Florida Marlins past the Dodgers, 6-4, last night in Los Angeles."
"ARLINGTON, Texas -- While the White Sox are in the midst of their last off day of the season Monday, their stadium might get a full workout."
"TRIPOLI: President Jacques Chirac, who arrived in Libya yesterday on the first visit by a French head of state, expressed the desire for a  quot;true partnership quot; with Tripoli after years of  quot;heavy turbulence quot;."
"Three weeks after surviving an assassination attempt, Pakistan #39;s finance minister, Shaukat Aziz, confirmed his place as the country #39;s next prime minister, after coasting to victory in a byelection. "
Up to 31 people have been killed and many more injured after a jet carrying 153 passengers and crew crashed on landing in heavy rain in Indonesia #39;s central Java.
US insurance broker Marsh   McLennan is set to avoid criminal charges after it announces a wide-ranging reform of the way it does business.
"KARACHI (Pakistan) - Paramilitary police have killed a suspected top Al-Qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the slaying of a Wall Street Journal reporter and two assassination attempts against President Pervez Musharraf, the Information "
The Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said it still expects to complete its acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National by the end of this year.
The Bush administration made clear on Thursday it would not take a position on whether UN Secretary General Kofi Annan should resign as it awaited the results of an investigation into the UN oil-for-food scandal.
"AP - Their biggest clients hit hard by viruses, worms and other attacks, Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. said Monday that they plan to work together to help their corporate customers fight back."
"Oracle's recently completed consolidation to a single, global system for enterprise data took five years, Oracle Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison told OpenWorld attendees Wednesday during his keynote address at Oracle's user conference being held in San Francisco."
"AP - As of Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004, at least 1,214 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 944 died as a result of hostile action, the Defense Department said as of Wednesday. The figures include three military civilians."
"Bowing to pressure from investors, Disney #39;s board of directors said yesterday that it expects to name a successor to embattled Disney chief Michael Eisner by next June."
"Reuters - The absent member will be the one holding\center-stage at a meeting in Hanoi of leaders of Asia and\Europe. In a hard-fought compromise, Myanmar's ruling junta\will not send its government head."
"LONDON, November 21 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Britain will adopt a set of tightened anti-terror laws in case Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s Labor Party wins the general elections, due next year, the home secretary said on Sunday, November 21."
Turkish construction company Vinsan said last night that it was halting operations in Iraq in a bid to save the lives of 10 employees kidnapped by militants.
"NEW YORK In a deal estimated to be worth \$100 million a year for five years, Howard Stern, one of the most popular personalities in American radio, said Wednesday he had signed a contract with Sirius Satellite Radio and would leave his longtime job at "
British rower Matthew Pinsent will be aiming for his fourth Olympic gold when 'Super Saturday' starts in Athens.
"The United States completes a 4-0 sweep over Belarus Sunday after Andy Roddick's win, and heads to Spain for the Davis Cup finals."
"Hoping literally to bring users more in touch with its on demand technologies, IBM on Monday announced the opening of a new technology center in Gaithersburg, Md., to help users implement a number of different orchestration and provisioning capabilities."
David Beckham and Michael Owen went about making their peace with England #39;s deflated supporters last night with a goal apiece to help launch England to victory against Ukraine. 
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Front-line U.S. troops often lacked  access to surveillance and intelligence data during the  invasion of Iraq because of computer glitches, Technology  Review magazine reported on Tuesday, citing a largely  classified report by Rand Corp."
" PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The last details of how former Khmer  Rouge leaders will be tried for their roles in the deaths of an  estimated 1.7 million Cambodians should be thrashed out by the  end of the year, a United Nations official said on Wednesday."
"Drugs giant Merck  amp; Co. which pulled its blockbuster painkiller Vioxx from shelves in September, is about to become the target of hundreds of plaintiffs #39; lawyers, the New York Times reported on Friday."
"Circuit City Stores Inc. on Tuesday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.9 percent in its latest quarter, but growth was restrained by  quot;softer quot; sales in August and because the Labor Day holiday fell out of the period."
SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp was dealt a setback on Tuesday after the Internet Engineering Task Force decided not to adopt Microsoft #39;s e-mail sender ID standard that would make it easier for Internet providers to block unwanted junk e-mail.
"Users of Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) MSN Messenger lost the ability to swap instant messages for a brief period, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Tuesday."
"Ernie Els will try to mark his 35th birthday tomorrow by winning the World Match Play title at Wentworth for a record-breaking sixth time, and with it collect golf #39;s biggest cheque of 1million yet again."
TORONTO (CP) - CIBC revealed Friday that it learned last month that faxes containing sensitive customer information were allegedly still arriving at a US junkyard two years after the bank thought the problem had been fixed.
"Investor's Business Daily - Fueled by the ongoing economic rally, businesses are boosting their contributions to 401(k) plans."
"In each of the past 31 seasons, Nabraska has gained more rushing yards than passing yards. With the hire of Bill Callahan, a West Coast guy known for the West Coast offense, that will change."
US Airways Group Inc. yesterday asked a federal bankruptcy judge to void labor agreements with three unions to help it slash costs and avoid liquidation.
"The Motley Fool - Here's something you don't see every day -- the continuing brouhaha between Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL - News) and PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT - News) being a notable exception. South Africa's Harmony Gold Mining Company (NYSE: HMY - News) has announced a hostile takeover bid to acquire fellow South African miner Gold Fields Limited (NYSE: GFI - News). The transaction, if it takes place, would be an all-stock acquisition, with Harmony issuing 1.275 new shares in payment for each share of Gold Fields. The deal would value Gold Fields at more than  #36;8 billion. ..."
"STAR CITY, Russia - The newly returned crew of the international space station said Tuesday they had accomplished all the necessary tasks in their six months on the orbiting station, even with a risky, unplanned space walk to replace a bad circuit breaker "
"Trying to counter the loss of Pedro Martnez and their failures in other contract negotiations, the Red Sox have reached an agreement shortstop Edgar Renteria."
"AP - Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a  #36;430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday."
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat world champions  Germany 2-1 in a fierce struggle Monday to reach the final of  the Olympic women's soccer tournament.
Kidnapped US journalist Micah Garen was recovering from his ordeal in Iraq Monday after being released on the orders of rebel cleric Moqtada Sadr.
"In his recent review of the Athlon 64 FX-55 processor, Jason Cross noted  quot;other things being equal, these chips have demonstrated nearly 100 clock scaling efficiency in many cases."
"AP - Juan Encarnacion hit a two-run single in the first inning and a go-ahead, two-run homer in the eighth, leading the Marlins over Colorado 4-3 Saturday night and extending the Rockies' losing streak to six."
"The economy -- helped out by more brisk consumer and business spending -- grew at an annual rate of 3.9 percent in the third quarter, a performance that was stronger than previously thought."
CHRIS CLARK: Amnesty International has called for an arms embargo to pressure the Sudanese Government to stop the violence against the people of Darfur.
"The country-cooking restaurant chain has agreed to pay \$8.7 million over allegations that it segregated black customers, subjected them to racial slurs and gave black workers inferior jobs."
Oklahoma quarterback Jason White has taken home the Maxwell Award as college football #39;s best all-around player and won his second straight Davey O #39;Brien quarterback trophy.
Microsoft is developing a front-end application for its upcoming Live Communications Server (LCS) 2005 instant messaging server that links LCS 2005 with end-users #39; telephones.
James Hardie Industries NV said Chief Executive Officer Peter Macdonald will stand aside during a probe by Australia #39;s securities regulator into allegations he misled investors about 
AFP - Microsoft will launch its long-awaited Internet search service that is expected to compete with market leaders Google and Yahoo.
"AP - At his worst, Allen Iverson has been seen as selfish and sullen; contentious and contradictory, a magnet for trouble away from the court."
Unofficial results from Cameroon's presidential election point to a huge victory for incumbent Paul Biya.
"Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - Quentin Richardson hit six of Phoenix #39;s 13 three-pointers on his way to a 26-point effort, as the Suns ran away from the Orlando Magic, 121-100, at America West Arena."
"AFP - Eurozone data to be released in the coming week will show inflation is easing, but that the outlook for German growth is deteriorating while British figures should provide clues about future interest rate action, economists said."
"FEAR of public blame is making company boards more cautious and it could cost them profits, veteran business figure John Ralph warned today."
LOS ANGELES - A video game fan upset over a failed disc drive in his Xbox video game console has sued Microsoft Corp. on behalf of all Xbox owners across the United States.
"Several powerful earthquakes rattled northwestern Japan over a span of two hours Saturday, toppling and setting alight homes, causing blackouts, cutting water and gas services and derailing a bullet train."
NEW DELHI - The United Nations Conference on Trade  amp; Development (UNCTAD) on Wednesday placed India among the top four Asian foreign direct investment (FDI) destinations and said it will get more foreign investment flows as the global economy rebounds 
POLITICAL heavyweights have intervened in a bid to end the West Indies contracts dispute which threatens the one-day series in Australia.
"The Zafi.d worm continued to sweep through the Internet Wednesday, creating such a flood of messages as it replicated that by one security vendor #39;s estimate, it accounted for 10 percent of the world #39;s mail."
AFP - Chelsea's drive to claim the club's first English title in half a century gathered pace as Newcastle were blown away by a late four-goal blitz at Stamford Bridge.
"AP - Israel's defense minister decided Thursday to launch a large-scale military operation in the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli border towns, an Israeli radio station reported."
The Business of Search Engines and Advertising - Look Out!\\The major search engines are changing the way they do business with the advertising community. Many SEOs and SEMs have waited patiently for the search engines to recognize the benefits our sector brings. Now that search is sexy however most will ...
"By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration on Monday recommended changes aimed at reducing by one-third the salmonella infections caused each year by tainted eggs.    The agency estimates that 118,000 people each year are sickened by eating improperly cooked eggs contaminated with salmonella..."
"washingtonpost.com - Microsoft's Media Center edition of Windows XP -- a special layer of software designed to let people enjoy their digital photos, music and videos from across the room -- has to rank as one of the company's bigger disappointments in a while. All the money Microsoft has thrown into promoting Media Center has yet to lend it any momentum in the market."
"RAMALLAH, WEST BANK - A Palestinian serving five life sentences in an Israeli jail will drop out of the race to replace former leader Yasser Arafat, he indicated in a statement on Sunday."
The Boston Red Sox are the American League champions because of a history-making win against the New York Yankees. But when the World Series starts Saturday night in 
"India #39;s Home Minister Shivraj Patil Sunday said stern action would be taken to deal with a spurtin terrorist attacks in the country #39;s northeast, where 53 people were killed "
Seagate announced today the availability of a 400 gigabyte (GB) Barracuda 7200.8 model for high-end PC #39;s and entry-level servers.
"Server shipments and revenue increased in the second quarter, as Sun Microsystems and Dell gained market share at the expense of Hewlett-Packard and IBM, according to research recently released by Gartner."
"QUEBEC (CP) - A massive windmill power project unveiled by Quebec on Monday will more than double Canada #39;s output of wind energy and vault the province past Alberta as the country #39;s main producer, says an industry group."
"LONDON The dollar went for a see-saw ride Friday, plunging after a comment from a Chinese policy maker appeared to undermine already fragile market sentiment toward the US currency, but rebounding after the official retracted the remark."
"WASHINGTON - Two dozen people will be blamed by an Army investigation into the abuse of inmates at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison, says a senior defense official.    The official, who spoke Wednesday on condition of anonymity, provided no details of the report..."
"Music fans have purchased and downloaded more than 200 million songs from the iTunes Music Store. The 200 millionth song, part of  #147;The Complete U2, #148; was purchased by Ryan Alekman from Belchertown, MA. iTunes has made it easy to give the gift of music this holiday season with \$15 and \$25 iTunes prepaid cards available from retailers including Amazon.com, Best Buy, Circuit City, CompUSA, Kroger, RadioShack, 7-Eleven, Target, as well as the Apple online store and Apple retail stores. Dec 16"
"The Japanese music industry is making its first steps into the download business, but it has a long way to go before it hits its stride."
"Search company Google Inc. has lost the services of Evan Williams, father of the Blogger Web logging service."
ANIL KUMBLE claimed his 400th Test victim yesterday - but could not stop Australia gaining the upper hand in Bangalore. The wrist spinner bowled Simon Katich for 81 in the 79th over to reach the milestone 
"Canadian Press - KNOWLTON, Que. (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin brushed aside criticism on Friday from a former premier who said Quebec's side deal in a federal-provincial health accord could weaken the country."
"AP - Archeologists have discovered ancient graves near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic games were born in 776 B.C., the Culture Ministry said Thursday."
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices were steady on  Thursday, holding gains of nearly \$2 from a day earlier after a  U.S. government report showed crude oil stocks falling to their  lowest level in five months."
"That Ravens' swaggering defense will face its biggest test of the season Sunday, as Baltimore takes on the Colts and Peyton Manning."
roundup Plus: Sun draws Nvidia graphics into Solaris...Tibco scoops up software company...PeopleSoft extends customer assurance.
"EasyJet owners the EasyGroup has entered the digital music business in tandem with UK operator, Wippit. The partners aim to launch the easyMusic."
Investigators probing the deadly crash of a Boeing 747 cargo jet at Halifax International Airport are refusing to speculate on what may have caused the plane #39;s tail to scrape the runway before breaking off.
"A key gauge of future economic activity weakened for a third straight month in August as costlier oil spread worry among consumers and businesses, a report from a business research group showed on Thursday ."
"from Britain, Australia, America, and countless other countries -- will be in action to make Iraq safer. In "
AP - Kmart Holding Corp. on Monday announced the launch of the Kmart Rewards credit card as part of an effort by the discount retailer to bolster customer loyalty.
Spyware is rife and virus infection commonplace yet many home users reckon they are safe from online threats. An AOL/National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) Online Safety Study - conducted by technical experts 
The move by Southwest was a sign of the competition that is emerging in the low-fare segment of the industry.
" DUBAI (Reuters) - A militant group in Iraq said it had  killed two Macedonian hostages it accused of spying for the  United States, Arabic television Al Jazeera reported Monday."
A militant group claiming to have kidnapped three foreign election workers in Afghanistan said Friday that it would execute the hostages if the authorities pursued their search for the kidnappers.
"Former University of Washington star center Todd MacCulloch, who hasn #39;t played for the Philadelphia 76ers in 1-1/2 years, retired yesterday from the NBA."
Dana Antal scored a tiebreaking goal early in the third period and Canada held on for a 2-1 victory over the United State in the championship game of the Four Nations Cup international women #39;s hockey tournament.
"Han, the 2003 champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round yesterday to take a two-shot lead. Han had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208."
"He should have been in jail. Or maybe locked down in a hospital. Or maybe in a life-altering boot-camp drug treatment program. Some doctor, some jailer or some judge should have known to save Ken Caminiti from himself."
Miller Park fans seemed far more disappointed Wednesday night at missing a chance to witness history than seeing the San Francisco Giants embarrass their Milwaukee Brewers.
" STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Ten or more years of mobile phone use  increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign  tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on  Wednesday by Sweden's Karolinska Institute."
"When he sought to overturn the trade that sent him from San Francisco to Baltimore last March, Terrell Owens said there were several factors that led to his decision."
"Incidents between baseball players and fans have long been part of the game. But they seem to be getting uglier with each year, and an imbroglio Monday night in Oakland, Calif."
US Secretary of State Colin Powellsaid Tuesday that Brazil will be an  quot;important candidate quot; for new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council should the council be expanded.
"In the hours after Ty Willingham was fired by Notre Dame, ESPN News analsyst Trevor Matich (who looks, by the way, as if he could bench-press the entire College GameDay cast) implied something was askew about Willingham #39;s firing."
roundup Plus: Bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million...AOL kicks off free fantasy sports...HP partners with 3G gear maker.
Reuters - The United States modified its\call for U.N. sanctions against Sudan on Tuesday but still kept\up the threat of punitive measures if Khartoum did not stop\atrocities in its Darfur region.
"AT amp;T Corp., the former monopoly that once dominated the US phone market, said Thursday it will cut another 20 per cent of its workforce and suffer an asset writedown of US\$11."
"Militants loyal to Moqtada al-Sadr failed to hand over substantial quantities of heavy weapons on the first day of a disarmament plan yesterday, bringing threats from the US "
"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have Japanese authorities halt procedures to deport him, Kyodo news agency reported. "
A proposal to settle a lawsuit brought last year by shareholders of PeopleSoft Inc. failed to clear court Wednesday after a judge found it unfairly cut off their right to sue over the company #39;s resistance to a takeover by Oracle Corp.
"JAKARTA, Indonesia - A powerful car bomb exploded outside the gates of the Australian Embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing seven people and wounding nearly 100 in an attack police blamed on al-Qaida-linked terrorists.    The blast flattened the embassy's gate, mangled cars on the busy commercial street and shattered the windows of nearby high-rise buildings..."
"Stocks soared Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials rising more than 120 points, as a large buildup in the nation #39;s energy inventories and increased consumer spending sent stock buyers back to the market."
"MOSCOW (AP) -- A Russian cargo ship loaded with supplies and equipment blasted off from the Baikonour cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Wednesday headed for the international space station, a Russian space official said.    The Progress M-50 ship took off at 1:03 a.m..."
"The postmaster of tiny Pitcairn Island has pleaded guilty to the indecent assault of a 12-year-old girl, the first outcome in a series of trials at a makeshift court set up on this remote Pacific outpost to handle charges of sex "
Gartner researchers believe that as many as 50 of the IT operational jobs in the U.S. could disappear over the next two decades because of coming improvements in data center technologies.
"Apple Computer Inc has rolled out a new iPod that allows users to view and share photos as it opened nine new iTunes music stores in Europe, spurring its rivalry with Microsoft Corp and others."
"TORONTO - BFI Canada Income Fund of Toronto and IESI Corporation of Fort Worth, Texas have agreed to a \$1.1-billion deal to merge and create one of the largest non-hazardous solid waste management companies in North America."
"Apple celebrated yesterday when it announced that they have sold now more than 150 million songs via their iTunes Music Store. Despite some reports that overall traffic to online music stores has dropped, Apple #39;s "
"TORONTO (CP) - Outfielder Vernon Wells earned his first Gold Glove on Tuesday, becoming the seventh Toronto Blue Jays player to receive the award."
"Pollution and deforestation in North Korea are exacerbating its serious food shortage problems, according to a UN report released Friday that outlines a range of environmental challenges facing Pyongyang."
"The very pleasant Games most people experienced, superimposed on one of the world #39;s historic cities. The very expensive Games that Greeks will have to underwrite for decades."
"As union activists have fallen by the hundreds in Colombia, labor rights groups and some members of the U.S. Congress have promised to do something about the violence."
"Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt will resume discussions today on a plan to allow DHL Worldwide Express to add night flights from Brussels after suffering minor injuries in a car accident, his spokesman said."
"MONTREAL A series of errors and misunderstandings led to the botched drug test that resulted in Tyler Hamilton, the American cyclist, retaining his gold medal from the Athens Olympics, the World Anti-Doping Agency has said in a report."
"Tomorrow, in a sudden sweep of decision-making, the Times waves goodbye to broadsheet life forever. No more two-version publication, no more broadsheets on Saturday."
"A highly critical security hole has been reported in the X Pixmap (libXpm) technology shipped with Solaris and JDS for Linux, which could allow someone to run code on your system if a modified X Pixmmap (.xpm) image is loaded."
Surfers that have been unable to visit the official re-election site of President George W Bush all week can access the site through an alternative address.
AP - Haute cuisine is going green in a program that recycles restaurant and household food scraps into high-grade compost for Northern California farms and vineyards.
A third La Salle University basketball player has been charged with rape over an alleged 2003 sexual encounter with a female La Salle player.
Verden - German prosecutors on Wednesday indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralysed millions of computers around the world last year.
" UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan intends to tell world leaders on Tuesday to respect human  life, whether civilians or prisoners of war in Iraq, villagers  in Sudan or children in northern Uganda or Russia."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lew Ford homered and drove in a pair  of runs and Brad Radke pitched seven strong innings to lead the  streaking Minnesota Twins to a 5-3 road win over the Detroit  Tigers in American League action on Monday.
AP - Woody Austin made a 6-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to beat Tim Herron and win the Buick Championship on Sunday.
The Redskins contend that last week's debacle in the secondary against the Rams isn't a true gauge of life after Champ Bailey.
"AP - The Philadelphia Eagles once again have home field advantage throughout the NFC playoffs. And once again, nothing less than a trip to the Super Bowl will be considered a success."
"In 1918, Albert Einstein proposed that large objects bend the space around themselves while turning on their axis. In 2004, NASA scientists confirmed that the Earth bends the time and space around it while "
"An extremely rare Hawaiian bird dies in captivity, possibly marking the extinction of its entire species only 31 years after it was first discovered."
This is a matchup that makes you think all's right with the sports world after all. The 2005 Orange Bowl is the comfort food of athletic events.
Brewing giant Fosters today said that higher annual profits from sales of beer overseas had been eroded by a sharp drop in US wine trade.
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines, trying to revamp its  business after nearly two years in bankruptcy, has told its  unions it must terminate and replace their pensions as part of  its drive to cut costs by an additional \$2 billion a year."
"AP - The number of butterflies fluttering around the Chicago area has dropped dramatically this summer, experts and enthusiasts say."
Treasury Secretary tells IMF that economic outlook is bright but  #39;cannot rest on our laurels. #39;. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Treasury Secretary John Snow said Saturday the outlook for global economic growth is good 
"LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Technology shares closed mostly higher Monday, with semiconductor-related stocks extending the gains made last week as Artisan Components soared on word that UK-based ARM Holdings agreed to buy the chip-design company."
"AFP - New Orleans Hornets center Jamaal Magloire, who is expected to miss three months of the National Basketball Association season with a dislocated finger, will have to find a way to open his wallet."
Will the Beslan massacre unify - or divide - the West in the global war on terrorism? The massacre of school children by Islamic terrorists in the North Osettian town of Beslan horrified the civilized world.
"CHARLOTTE -- So often in today #39;s rich-get-richer corporate climate of the NFL, everybody seems to get along just swimmingly. The league #39;s management and the players union have to endure charges of being entirely "
"California regulators on Thursday ordered farmers to stop employing field hands to weed commercial crops by hand, becoming the first state in the nation to limit such back-wrenching work."
"washingtonpost.com - Google Inc. released free software yesterday that lets people simultaneously search the Web and their personal computers for information, a move analysts described as a potential blow to rivals Microsoft Corp. and Yahoo Inc. in the race to woo more searchers."
Republic of Ireland boss Brian Kerr was both a relieved and happy man after his side got their 2006 World Cup qualifying campaign off to a convincing 3-0 win over Cyprus.
"Certainly, the head-to-head duel between Vijay Singh and Tiger Woods in Monday's final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston was the storyline that everyone would have asked for at the start of the tournament."
"Bird flu has killed a nine-year-old Thai girl, raising the country #39;s toll from the deadly disease to 11 this year, a Health Ministry spokeswoman said on Monday."
They wanted him captured alive so he could have been brought to account for more than 100 murders he has been associated with. That controversy reflects the widespread criticism over 20 years of the way security 
Shares of McAfee (MFE:NYSE - news - research) were up sharply Friday on news that the antivirus software maker posted stronger-than-expected third-quarter results and boosted revenue guidance for the fourth quarter.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slipped on  Wednesday as the market struggled to absorb \$24 billion in new  supply just a few days before a jobs report which could set the  trend for yields for weeks to come.
"GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip - Two armed Palestinians infiltrated a fog-shrouded Israeli army outpost in a Gaza Strip settlement early Thursday, killing at least three Israelis in a fierce gunbattle before being shot dead, Israeli media reported.    Two other Israelis were wounded, one critically, the Web site of the Israeli newspaper Yediot Ahronot reported..."
Symantec warns Net users of Trojan horse that removes adware but alters security settings in computers.
"PC World - Certain ThinkPad power adapters pose a fire danger, company warns."
Computer Associates International on Monday kicked off its entry into open-source software with the release of its Ingres r3 database.
"Reuters - The Nikkei average rose 1.24 percent by\mid-morning trade on Monday as a recovery in U.S. stocks\encouraged investors to seek bargains among lagging issues,\including Hitachi Ltd. and other high-tech firms."
"JAKARTA, Indonesia - Prosecutors have pinned their case against an alleged terror chief on a former comrade, who plans to testify that cleric Abu Bakar Bashir heads the al-Qaida-linked network blamed for numerous attacks, including last week's bombing of the Australian Embassy.    But in an interview with The Associated Press, key witness Nasir Abbas insisted that the Jemaah Islamiyah network is not a terrorist organization and he described Bashir as ""just an Islamic teacher,"" saying he didn't know whether the 66-year-old played any role in terrorism..."
" BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia's Congress on Tuesday  approved a bill allowing Alvaro Uribe, one of few conservative  South American presidents with strong ties to Washington, to  run for an unprecedented second term."
"A fire in a Turkish cinema injured dozens of people attending a film premiere on Tuesday, but no one was killed, the state-run Anatolian news agency said."
"When Britain and France signed the Entente Cordiale 100 years ago they hoped it would bring to an end centuries of conflict, from the territorial battles of the Middle Ages to colonial disputes of the nineteenth century."
AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the issues at Wednesday's debate:
"In the short term, the tax could add US\$4 million annually to ICANN #39;s coffers, an amount that could skyrocket to more than \$30 million if it is extended to additional domains."
"What looks good on paper hasn't been tested through a season yet, so Bruce Crowder said he'll reserve judgment. He wasn't talking about rosters; he was talking about a commitment from college hockey authorities to rid the game of all the clutching and grabbing, the pinning, and tugging."
"Contradicting NASA policy in a long and bitter debate over science and safety, a panel of the National Academy of Sciences said Wednesday that the "
AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards called for changes to prescription drug programs and praised running mate John Kerry's military and government service at an outdoor campaign rally here Saturday.
Some economists say the government can reduce pharmaceutical prices by changing how the nation pays for innovation.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Rehnquist is in hospital after undergoing throat surgery for thyroid cancer.
"The moratorium on a federal program that provides grants for high-speed Internet and telephone service began two months ago, with no notice."
10/21/04- The assembly line began is rolling again at a General Motors plant in western Germany. More than two-thirds of the workers there have decided to end a 6-day walkout protesting the threat of job cuts.
AP - No. 25 Iowa is having a hard time keeping its tailbacks healthy.
"LONDON -- Royal Dutch/Shell Group on Wednesday announced a \$150 million increase in the amount of money it will spend in 2004 on exploration and production in Europe, bringing the total to \$1."
Samsung Electronics sealed a comprehensive cross license contract with Sony of Japan to share most of their patent technologies. Samsung Electronics and Sony announced on December 14 in Seoul 
"Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Nestle SA, the world #39;s largest food company, said first-half profit rose 2.1 percent, less than forecast, as sales in Western Europe declined and costs for sugar, milk and packaging increased. "
AP - The fan who retrieved Barry Bonds' 700th home run attended the same private Catholic high school as the slugger  #151; Serra High in nearby San Mateo.
A Register History The tale of Oracle #39;s attempt to buy Peoplesoft is a story of Larry Ellison #39;s relentless pursuit of his target in the face of implacable hostility from the PeopleSoft board.
"ATLANTA - Gerald Williams and Eric Valent hit solo home runs to give the New York Mets a 2-1 victory over the Atlanta Braves in the first game of a doubleheader Tuesday.    Williams broke a scoreless tie in the third with his fourth home run, a deep drive to center off Paul Byrd..."
"Oracle Corp. recently learned that PeopleSoft will reject Oracle #39;s \$24.00 a share- its best and final offer. The cash tender offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of PeopleSoft, Inc."
who quit as Home Secretary on Wednesday evening -fter next Mays General Election. Sources say he could return as 
"At least one person is killed apparently heeding a top Iraqi cleric's call to march on Najaf, where a stand-off continues."
"Orchid Cellmark, a Montgomery County-based laboratory that has analyzed DNA for such high-profile cases as the OJ Simpson trial and the JonBenet Ramsey murder, has fired an analyst for allegedly "
The dollar was marginally down against the euro and slightly higher against the yen Tuesday as the market awaited new US trade data and a US Federal Reserve meeting at which the central bank was expected to raise interest rates a quarter point.
"Kansas State had Oklahoma on the run for a brief portion of the first half in Saturday #39;s game in Manhattan. But the Cats literally and figuratively dropped the ball, and Oklahoma - on offense and defense - proceeded "
"Regulators Monday fined a unit of Citigroup Inc., the nation #39;s largest financial institution, \$250,000 for using what they said was  quot;inappropriate quot; sales material for hedge funds."
"Incumbent Hamid Karzai is the official winner of last month #39;s historic Afghan presidential election, the body organizing the vote said on Wednesday."
"PeopleSoft unveiled a new incentive program on Wednesday offering customers free upgrade assistance and a credit toward new purchases, an initiative the company hopes will spark sales and encourage customers to move to its latest releases."
"No matter where he goes, the Cy Young Award always seems to find Roger Clemens, who was halfway around the globe and just off a Japanese bullet train when learning yesterday that he #39;d won "
Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N) on\Friday will unveil a range of products including its version of\the iPod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war\between PC and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly\digitized living rooms.
The R24 has undergone several revisions ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix. Technical Director Bob Bell explains what's new.
"NASA has agreed to fund the Mars rover project for six more months, allowing two robotic vehicles to continue to study the red planet."
"While US President George W. Bush repeated his concerns over the nuclear programs of North Korea and Iran, the US Department of State backed Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s remarks that  quot;Iran has been developing rocket systems capable of carrying "
"Congratulations to Linda Cropp and her fellow DC council members who voted with her Tuesday night. By insisting that private funding be included for a new baseball stadium in Washington, they did the right thing."
AP - Mats Sundin had a goal and two assists to lead Sweden past Germany 5-2 Tuesday in the World Cup of Hockey opener for both teams.
PC World - Devices seen as good entry point to consumer electronics market.
"SEATTLE -- Microsoft released a patch for its latest  quot;critical quot; rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programs, the company said Tuesday."
"At least, according to Nintendo President Satoru Iwata it isn #39;t. Whilst talking to journalists in Japan the boss let his feelings loose concerning Sony #39;s foray into the handheld market, stating that the PSP would simply alienate possible new gamers rather "
"AFP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said he was not disappointed that a two-day conference on the future of Iraq, hosted by his country earlier this week, failed to set a date for the withdrawal of foreign troops."
"Sales of UDO (Ultra Density Optical) discs and drives are going well and the format is replacing MO (Magneto Optical) technology faster than expected, the president of technology developer Plasmon Inc. said in a recent interview."
"VIRGIN Blue faces a clouded second half as it battles volatile fuel prices, rising charges by monopoly airport and navigation providers and an uncertain revenue growth caused by tough domestic competition."
"The online world has once again become a breeding ground for conspiracy theories, this time with allegations that last week's presidential election was rigged in favor of George W. Bush. Missing Links"
The Chicago White Sox claimed right-hander Bobby Jenks off waivers from Anaheim on Friday and designated righty Eduardo Villacis for assignment.
The Southeastern grocer sinks to a new low as it bows out of the S P 500.
 SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea set three conditions on  Friday to be met before it would consider returning to  six-party talks on its nuclear programs.
"The world's second-biggest publicly traded oil company forecast that oil prices would stay above \$30 a barrel, and possibly higher, for years to come."
"On a 22-foot-long piano keyboard, dancers jumped on giant keys, each step setting off a note of  quot;Chopsticks. quot;. Over by the soda fountain, blue-shirted servers learned to make the Volcano, a "
"Europe and the US agreed to moves to curb Irans nuclear ambitions tonight, but divisions emerged with so-called non-aligned nations objecting to parts of the text."
She argued the hard-liners' case on Iraq. But the next Secretary of State remains an ideological puzzle
Attempting an 'alternative lifestyle' in a game of The Sims 2 turns out to be an awful lot like plain ol' life. Go figure. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
"Rain and strong winds in the Australian city of Melbourne is expected to bring a swag of international horses back into contention for the nation #39;s best known horse race, the Melbourne Cup."
"Philippine officials sought international help Sunday to rebuild villages devastated by back-to-back storms that left more than 1,000 people either dead or missing and devastated mostly poor northern agricultural regions."
"CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Shares of Nordstrom Inc. (JWN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped 9 percent early on Friday after the luxury retailer missed Wall Street #39;s earnings target and forecast disappointing profits for the current quarter. "
"Reuters - President Bush tried to help break a\deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process on Friday,\telephoning Protestant leader Ian Paisley as negotiations\ground on in London and Belfast."
"Eight policemen die when their vehicle hits a landmine laid by Maoists in western Nepal, authorities say."
Internet executives and analysts are closely tracking the rise of identity theft over the Internet.
"AFP - A Yemeni was sentenced to death and 14 others to jail over the 2002 bombing of the French supertanker Limburg and for other terror attacks, in controversial verdicts promptly appealed by both the defense and prosecution."
"The list of  quot;bests, highests and biggests quot; accomplished by Toronto in its 114-91 blowout of the Knicks on Wednesday night at the Air Canada Centre really was quite impressive."
World oil prices bolted up to new record summits beyond 52 dollars on markets nervous about tight global supplies with winter looming in the northern hemisphere.
"Nine Saturdays ago, the answer was Maria Sharapova, the 6-foot Siberian who made the opposition at Wimbledon seem like seven female dwarfs."
" NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh took a  step closer to gaining the world number one ranking by  extending his lead to three shots over Tiger Woods in Sunday's  third round of the \$5 million Deutsche Bank Championship."
"In the event of a computer failure such as the one that caused massive power outages in the Northeast and upper Midwest last year, can the federal government intervene?"
AP - Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes and No. 12 Louisville rolled to a 55-28 victory over TCU on Wednesday night.
Valve Software is experimenting with a model that could substantially transform the video game business.
"CBC SPORTS ONLINE - David Hearn became the latest Canadian to qualify for the PGA Tour, earning his card by a single stroke. Hearn, from Brampton, Ont."
"AFP - Former president Alberto Fujimori, who is in exile in Japan, headed a  quot;criminal organization quot; that murdered 25 people in the early 1990s, the Peruvian Foreign Ministry told Japan in support of an extradition request against Fujimori."
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A baseball fan who bought up 6,458  seats at Los Angeles' Dodger Stadium in the hope of catching  and selling Barry Bonds' 700th home run ball admitted on  Thursday he had probably struck out."
"Notre Dame officials will meet with Utah coach Urban Meyer on Thursday, a source with knowledge of the discussions told the New York Times."
"Strong aftershocks continued to rattle Niigata Prefecture on Monday after a series of devastating quakes on Saturday night left 25 people dead and more than 2,500 others injured, the Meteorological Agency and police said."
AP - Kevin Brown had a chance to claim a place in Yankees postseason history with his start in Game 7 of the AL championship series.
"New York, August 31: US technology executives are increasingly optimistic about the business climate, although plans for increased technology spending remain modest, according to a study released on Monday."
" AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - U.S.-based Wireless LAN operator  Airpath said on Tuesday it aims to run 20,000 public locations  for wireless computer access by late 2005, and connect to an  additional 30,000 hotspots through roaming agreements."
"TORONTO (CP) - Eugene Melnyk, who used his personal fortune to buy the Ottawa Senators last year, stepped aside Thursday as chief executive of Biovail Corp."
Israel has begun redeploying its forces in the northern Gaza Strip as a gesture to Palestinians at the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
"Ram Gupta, who was an executive vice president, leaves the company after a four-year stint. PeopleSoft is mum on the details."
"TUCSON, Arizona (Ticker) -- No. 20 Arizona State tries to post its first three-game winning streak over Pac-10 Conference rival Arizona in 26 years when they meet Friday."
"CASHIERS, N.C. - The violent remains of Hurricane Ivan pounded a large swath of the eastern United States on Friday, drenching an area from Georgia to Ohio, washing out dozens of homes, sweeping cars down roadways and trapping more than 100 students at an elementary school..."
"AP - A man who donated a kidney to a Colorado man he met through a Web site says he should be considered ""a hero,"" and insists his past  #151; including more than  #36;8,000 in overdue child support payments  #151; has nothing to do with his decision to help."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, posted a 13 percent rise in quarterly  profit on Tuesday and raised its outlook and expectations for  holiday sales, saying the economy was improving."
AP - The Transportation Security Administration is slightly altering the way airport screeners conduct patdown searches by allowing passengers to put their arms down after their upper bodies are checked.
" LONDON/BOSTON (Reuters) - United Technologies Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UTX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;UTX.N&lt;/A&gt;  agreed on Thursday to acquire Britain's Kidde Plc &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KID.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KID.L&lt;/A&gt; for  \$2.8 billion in cash in a deal aimed at expanding the U.S.  conglomerate's security system business."
Shaun Ellis has a high standard for the Jets #39; defense. He says he and his teammates try to do more than just limit the damage opposing offenses do.
"WASHINGTON (AFX) - The number of workers filing for state unemployment benefits rebounded by 16,000 in the week ended Sept. 11 to 333,000, the Labor Department said."
"Sven Jaschan has been charged with computer sabotage, data manipulation and disruption of public systems. More than 143 Sasser victims have contacted prosecutors to report the damage they suffered in the vague hope of compensation."
"The Solutions Sharing Network allows government entities to post their own tips, procedures and even in-house software."
"wilmington, del.Oracle Corp. director Joseph Grundfest testified yesterday that the company #39;s \$21 (US) per-share hostile bid for PeopleSoft Inc."
"East Boston's Jermaine Wiggins has roamed from college team to college team, NFL team to NFL team. He fills perfectly the role of nomad tight end."
"A windsurfer whose first name means ""wave"" in Hebrew gave Israel its first Olympic gold medal ever Wednesday, taking a plunge in the Saronic Gulf to celebrate."
"Madison, WI (U-WIRE) -- After a convincing home victory over Minnesota last week, No. 4 Wisconsin (9-0, 6-0) launches the final leg of its 2004 campaign on the road against Michigan State (3-3, 4-5)."
"Stuffing something in a public locker usually isn't a memorable experience. You drop a coin, take the key and move on. But at the Statue of Liberty, recently reopened after a two-year closure, stashing a package offers a glimpse into the future. To rent, close and reopen lockers, visitors touch an electronic reader that scans fingerprints."
"Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , Canada #39;s second-biggest by assets, said on Thursday it would acquire a majority stake of US-based Banknorth Group Inc."
"Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - It looks as if Pedro Martinez is about to become a member of the New York Mets. The Boston Herald reported Monday afternoon that Martinez has agreed to a four- year, \$56 million "
"Macquarie Bank Ltd. (MBL.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) , Australia #39;s largest investment bank, beat expectations with a 17 percent rise in first-half profit on "
"Liverpool was looking good for a win against Portsmouth in the premiership game being played at Anfield. However, a goal in the injury time by Portsmouths Lomana LuaLua spoiled their chances."
"Aiming to put itself in the vanguard of the Internet travel business, America Online will invest an undisclosed amount in an upstart that threatens to lure customers away from Orbitz, Expedia, and Travelocity."
AP - Vikings linebacker Raonall Smith will miss at least two more games because of concussions.
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; and  Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday ended their 10-year  partnership to co-develop the Itanium chip for server  computers, following disappointing sales of the product."
"MADISON, Wis. - Wisconsin senior running back Anthony Davis, who has missed the Badgers last three games due to an eye injury sustained during the teams season-opener on Sept."
"JOHANNESBURG Say  quot;Africa quot; and what comes to mind? The genocide in Darfur, Sudan, or the HIV-AIDS epidemic affecting some 30 million Africans, or the violence in the Ivory Coast, a country once considered an oasis of calm on a calamity-stricken continent?"
"Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) may yet team up with another chip maker for the construction of a semiconductor fabrication plant (fab) to expand its manufacturing capacity for microprocessors, despite shelving similar plans in 2003, according to a senior company executive."
AP - Tim Duncan had 24 points and 14 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a 94-91 victory Wednesday night over the Orlando Magic.
A UN election worker with dual British and Irish nationality was among three foreigners kidnapped in Afghanistan today. The three were seized at gunpoint in the capital Kabul this morning sparking fears of Iraq-style atrocities.
" SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean public sector workers  launched an unprecedented strike Monday, setting them on a  collision course with the government of President Roh Moo-hyun,  which has vowed a tough line on what it labels an illegal  action."
"AP - Rescuers recovered the bodies of 10 Dominican migrants and searched for eight who remain missing after their boat capsized trying to reach Puerto Rico, officials said Thursday."
"BEIJING, Aug.18(Xinhuanet) -- NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has spied two new moons around the satellite-rich Saturn. "
"USATODAY.com - The big green ogre may be about to reclaim his DVD sales crown from that little orange clown fish. Already the top-grossing movie of 2004, Shrek 2  is now the biggest DVD of the year after just the first three days of sales."
"The Air Line Pilots Association says the pilots #39; negotiating committee met with management Sunday, a week after talks broke down."
A new keyboard for phones that incorporates a traditional Qwerty layout and a standard number pad has been developed by the makers of the Blackberry mobiles.
"FONTANA, CALIF. - Elliott Sadler raced to his second victory of the season Sunday night at California Speedway and all but wrapped up a spot in NASCAR #39;s new championship playoff."
"Here is a look at the series of events in the brawl Friday night involving the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and fans at The Palace in Auburn Hills, Mich."
 BRUSSELS/VIENNA (Reuters) - The European Union warned on  Tuesday it may go ahead and build the world's first nuclear  fusion reactor with whatever partners it can find if there is  no global deal to put the project in France at talks in Vienna.
"Reuters - The world's tiger population has\plummeted by 95 percent from the start of the 20th century to\as few as 5,000 now and is further threatened by the lucrative\trade in their skins, officials told a forum Friday."
"BUSAN, SOUTH KOREA -- Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. plans to begin selling later this month a cellular telephone that includes a hard-disk drive. The handset was unveiled as the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Telecom Asia 2004 event began here on Monday and is the first cell phone of its kind in the world, according to the company."
"In the best-of-five Davis Cup final against Spain on the slow red clay at Olympic Stadium, Andy Roddick lost both of his matches in the United States #39; 3-2 loss at Seville, Spain."
"Company will compensate its sales staff for selling non-Sun machines, as part of its effort to boost Solaris on x86 hardware."
"Microsoft vows to punish whoever stole the hotly anticipated Xbox game, due for release next month. \"
"KABUL : Ten people, most of them youths, were killed and an unknown number were injured when a bomb went off overnight in a religious school in Afghanistan, the US military said."
"ThomasB2B.com LLC will officially launch on Monday a new online advertising network which is modeled after general-purpose ones from the likes of Yahoo Inc.'s Overture and Google Inc. but which differs in two key aspects: first, it is focused exclusively on the business-to-business market; and second, it matches ads with search queries and content through predefined categories, not keywords."
A US lawmaker marries the daughter of Guatemala's ex-military ruler at a closely-guarded ceremony.
"Since March, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) have been running a media campaign to warn users that if they do not stop file sharing, they will have to face the consequences."
PITTSBURGH -- A Pennsylvania brewery is betting beer drinkers are willing to pay an extra dollar to keep their drinks cold nearly an hour longer.
"Bob Lemos of Lemos Farm on Highway 92 near Half Moon Bay is optimistic about the Christmas tree season. He started selling trees last weekend, he said."
AP - The Philadelphia Eagles clinched the NFC East again. Big deal  #151; they did that before the season started.
CHICAGO The Chicago Cubs have come to terms on a one-year contract with shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. He joined the Cubs in a mid-season trade from Boston; it was part of a four-team deal.
"AFP - AU Optronics Corp, the world's third largest flat-panel maker, said its net profit in the third quarter plunged to 4.13 billion Taiwan dollars (122.6 million US) from 14.39 billion in the second."
"A British soldier appeared in court today charged with the murder of a man in Iraq. Kevin Lee Williams, 21, was granted bail at a brief hearing at Bow Street Magistrates Court in central London."
"A court stripped Gen. Augusto Pinochet of his immunity from prosecution Friday, paving the way for the trial of the former Chilean dictator on human rights charges."
"JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP (Gaza Strip) - Israel withdrew tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on Friday, wrapping up its bloodiest offensive in the area in more than four years of fighting."
"Coping with another inept offensive showing, the Chicago Bears were ready to change quarterbacks again Friday, while trying to patch up an injury-depleted line."
SCE #39;s outspoken president speaks out on the PSP for the first time since the price announcement this week. Sony Computer Entertainment president Ken Kutaragi (shown here at a press event held earlier this 
"ARLINGTON, Va. -- US Airways chief executive Bruce Lakefield said yesterday the airline would, as expected, ask a bankruptcy judge to impose temporary pay cuts on its union workers to conserve cash during the slow fall travel season."
Rejuvenated attacker Alessandro Del Piero inspired Juventus to a 2-0 win over AS Roma that restored their five point title advantage on holders AC Milan.
"As a kid, Federer was a ball boy at this tournament, which he #39;s never won. man since 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in a season."
"NEW YORK -- Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. said yesterday it has agreed to acquire rival Canadian cellphone carrier Microcell Telecommunications Inc. , which had been fending off a hostile suitor."
AP - There was some national championship talk going on in the locker room at Auburn's Jordan-Hare Stadium.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. integrated oil company Marathon  Oil Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MRO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported a fall in quarterly  profit, as hurricanes and disruptions in oil and gas production  outweighed record prices for crude oil."
"If Pedro Martnez passes Wednesday's physical, he is expected to be introduced in a news conference at Shea Stadium on Thursday."
Oil prices were up 12 cents to \$49.88 a barrel in electronic trading in Europe in advance of the opening on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
"As baseball officials met Wednesday with backers of a northern Virginia ballpark for the Expos, a second key lawmaker said he opposes a plan to finance the stadium."
President George W. Bush #39;s nomination of Cuban-born Carlos M. Gutierrez for Commerce secretary fits neatly into a long-term strategy of boosting Republican prospects for national 
"Josh Caldwell, co-founder of the ""America at 10mph"" project, scoots across the United States."
"Pat Finucanes killer expects to be a free man by next May despite a judge jailing him today for a minimum of 22 years. Loyalist assassin Ken Barrett, 41, is expected "
"Hollywood Story rallied from fourth turning for home to post a one-length victory Sunday over Royally Chosen in the \$150,000 Bayakoa Handicap at Hollywood Park."
"Some 80,000 computers at the Department for Work and Pensions went down during  #39;a routine software upgrade #39; of its Microsoft machines this week."
"Trade association The British Phonographic Association (BPI) which last week vowed to bring 28 illegal music uploaders to justice, has secured a High Court action to force the internet service providers to come up with the identities of the alleged "
"MULTIPLEX Group has seen off a late challenge to its takeover of Ronin Property Group, yesterday securing a crucial stake that all but guarantees a successful bid and a re-rating of the developer #39;s shares."
"CIOs surveyed by Forrester Research are more confident than they were earlier in the year, and expect IT spending to grow by 7 next year."
"Spain #39;s second-largest bank, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, said Monday its nine-month net profit rose 18.4 percent on strong income from Spain and Mexico."
"THE United States looks set on a collision course with the European Union (EU) over their aircraft industries. In recent months, the two giants have been unable to agree on how best to replace a 1992 bilateral "
"Plenty of music available online is not just free but also easily available, legal and  most important  worth hearing."
"The Minister of Energy, Dr. Paa Kwesi Nduom, has said government policy on the subsidy of ex-pump prices of petroleum products would remain unchanged "
"WASHINGTON -- Canada #39;s loss is a capital gain. After three years of uncertainty, the Montreal Expos will have a new home in Washington."
"AFP - In once uniform Sweden, a book being hailed as the ultimate generational novel serves as a reminder that you no longer need to be a blond, blue-eyed, beer-guzzling giant, or even speak the language correctly, to be considered truly Swedish."
The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug for multiple sclerosis that in clinical trials got better results than existing drugs in protecting against relapses.
p2pnet.net News:- Microsoft #39;s Windows Server 2003 Compute Cluster Edition doesn #39;t like servers built around Intel #39;s Itanium 2 chip.
"SEOUL (Dow Jones)--South Korea #39;s Hynix Semiconductor Inc. (000660.SE) Monday posted sharply higher net profit for the third quarter, helped by strong chip prices - making "
Ziff Davis - Microsoft's omission of WinFS from the Longhorn version of Windows may open options for open-source competitors to the forthcoming operating system.
"David Coulthard #39;s Formula One prospects have received a boost with news of a test with the Red Bull team at Jerez in Spain. Coulthard, who has no confirmed seat for 2005 after "
"Lake Buena Vista, FL (Sports Network) - JL Lewis fired a 10-under-par 62 Thursday to take a two-shot lead after the opening round of the FUNAI Classic at Walt Disney Resort."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hurricane Frances threatens to dampen  sales, and possibly earnings, for a slew of companies -- from  insurers to airlines -- as business activity screeches to a  halt only three weeks after Hurricane Charley hit Florida."
AP - Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider sanctions against North Korea after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago.
"Microsoft Corp. and UK mobile phone maker Sendo Holdings PLC have ended a two-year legal dispute over smart phones with a settlement, the companies said Monday."
"Two OPEC members are pledging to increase supply or boost reserves as oil prices spiral higher, according to media reports Sunday."
-- Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the players #39; association stirs serious negotiating.
New report shows commitment by 85 countries to end the practice - but enforcement still lags.
"AP - Education Secretary Rod Paige intends to leave his Cabinet position, a Bush administration official told The Associated Press Friday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted sharply lower quarterly earnings, signaled that  the second half of the year would be weak and scaled back store  openings after it was battered by the low-carbohydrate diet  craze."
"Cambodia #39;s economy will slow down significantly next year due to losses in the garment sector - the country #39;s main economic engine - although gains in tourism may help offset the downward tumble, the World Bank said Tuesday."
"Pakistani security forces arrested several suspects on Monday, including some linked to Al Qaeda network. The arrests came one day after Pakistani security forces killed a senior Al Qaeda operative, Amjad Farooqi, in a raid in southern Pakistan."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of newly public Google  Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday hit a new high and posted  their  largest single-day percentage gain after five investment banks  issued bullish reports on the leading Web search provider."
"The Canadian government moved forward with plans to sell its C\$3.04 billion (\$2.36 billion) stake in Petro-Canada, as the oil company filed offering documents with US and Canadian regulators."
"East Asia #39;s economies are growing at their swiftest pace since before the financial crisis with fewer people than ever living in extreme poverty, according to the latest East Asia and Pacific Regional Update, the World Bank #39;s twice-yearly look at the "
A deal that would have saved Donald Trump #39;s casino company is off. His casinos are running low on cash. And Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts is drowning in \$1.
"About 166 miners remain trapped deep in a mine in central China, with all communications lost."
"Bangkok - Roger Federer edged closer to a dream tenth title of the season as he applied the pressure at just the right moments, defeating Robin Soderling 7-6 (7-3), 6-4 for a spot in the semi-finals of the \$550 000 Thailand Open on Friday."
"The loss of Yasser Arafat could ease the Palestinian-Israeli conflict significantly, local observers of Middle Eastern politics said Friday."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday will unveil a range of products including its version of  the iPod digital music player that raises the stakes in a war  between PC and electronics makers for a spot in increasingly  digitized living rooms."
"After Oracle's court victory, customers will look for reassurance at what could be PeopleSoft's last annual user conference."
"LONDON -- Four hundred years after King James I denounced tobacco as  quot;loathsome to the eye, hateful to the nose, harmful to the brain, dangerous to the lungs, quot; the British government is taking heed. It announced plans yesterday to ban smoking in most public places, including restaurants and any pub that serves food."
"CARACAS -- Fresh from victory and emboldened by a decisive mandate, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has the opportunity to extend an olive branch to a seething opposition and a suspicious US administration, but the rifts may have grown too deep to be mended."
"AP - They played most of Sunday's game with a special teams player at linebacker, a tight end at fullback, an undrafted former backup at nose tackle and, yes, that rookie quarterback who wasn't supposed to play this season."
"HARRISBURG, Pa. -- The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission has decided that drivers will get a free ride Wednesday if toll collectors and other unionized employees go on strike."
"AFP - A millionaire British arms dealer is reportedly fuelling a bloody civil war in Sudan by arranging to supply its government with tanks, rocket launchers and a cruise missile."
"Pleasant visions of fun in the sun in the Dominican Republic are being shattered by sad images of residents being smuggled away on wooden boats, only to perish at sea. "
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- American International Group #39;s shares gained Monday on optimism the world #39;s largest insurer is close to resolving regulators #39; investigations into so-called income-smoothing products it sold.
The first flight attempt in June 2001 failed when the booster rocket went out of control and the full stackthe booster rocket and X-43A combinationwas destroyed by ground controllers.
"Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp., a provider of software maintenance services, said Tuesday that third-quarter profit rose 63 percent as sales jumped 58 percent."
"Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, said on Friday that the long-term outlook for global oil supplies is reassuring even though anxiety about dwindling "
"Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - With the price of crude oil continuing its summertime climb to hit a record high of  #36;50 US per barrel this week, Canadian consumers are feeling the pinch at the gas pumps and gearing up for a winter of high heating oil costs."
"Fewer than five zombi networks are responsible for all the phishing attcks worldwide, according to security firm CipherTrust. Phishers create fake Web sites and send e-mail messages in "
"Universal Music Group, Sony BMG Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group -- three of the four major recording companies -- have licensed their catalog of music to Saratoga Springs-based Wurld Media, the firm said Wednesday."
"After two subpar efforts, Jamal Lewis finds his stride Sunday, running for 186 yards, including a 75-yard touchdown that clinches a 23-9 victory over the Bengals."
"HONG KONG: North Korea shows no sign of accepting US incentives to give up its nuclear weapons programmes, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said in remarks released on Thursday. "
Symbol Technologies and Proxim Corporation said Tuesday (Sept. 14) that they have settled a patent infringement case focusing on wireless LAN (WLAN)technology.
"AFTER a couple of days #39; leave, one gets back to work, opens the e-mail and starts swearing. You know the reason: Spam. Except for tech-savvy Internet users who have installed tools such as spam filtering software "
"AP - Torry Holt of the St. Louis Rams became the first player in NFL history with five straight 1,300-yard seasons when he caught a 44-yard touchdown pass near the end of the first half against the New York Jets on Sunday."
"AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it has signed a 10-year agreement with ID Biomedical Corp."
"Kazaa and Grokster, which belongs to the large FastTrack network, uses the UUHash hashing mechanism to verify files. Its main advantage is that it allows large files to be checked very quickly."
The US men #39;s soccer team has played Panama to a 1-1 draw in Panama City in a 2006 World Cup qualifying match. Roberto Brown found the net first for Panama in the 71st minute Wednesday as the hosts outshot 
"GAZA CITY, 15 November 2004 - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was at the center of a shootout in Gaza yesterday hours after he emerged as Fatahs candidate in the presidential election scheduled for Jan. 9."
"BAGHDAD, Sept 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The US-allied Iraqi government has extended the closure of Al-Jazeera offices in Iraq indefinitely, not only provoking the outrage of the Qatar-based network and media watchdogs, but also casting deep "
Reuters - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.\ on Tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share\rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased\remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.
"Players from both teams brawl late in Clemson's 29-7 victory over South Carolina. Coach Lou Holtz, 67, dives into the pile as peacemaker in his regular-season finale with the Gamecocks."
The Associated Press By Rachel Konrad
Two goals from Croatian striker Ivan Klasnic kept Werder Bremen #39;s Group G hopes very much alive. Anderlecht went ahead through Christian Wilhelmsson near the half-hour but Klasnic struck either side of the 
China has reiterated its support forthe government of Zimbabwe #39;s President Robert Mugabe by dispatching a high level official to attend the national conference of Mugabe #39;s ruling party.
"NEW YORK: PeopleSoft yesterday sacked Chief Executive and president Craig Conway, citing a loss of confidence, and the software company #39;s shares jumped on expectations that the move could pave the way for a deal with hostile bidder Oracle."
"The good news for coach Joe Gibbs and the Washington Redskins is that despite scoring just 10 points Sunday night against Baltimore and 13 against Cleveland the previous Sunday, the Redskins are not last in the NFL in points scored."
"Colin Powell, the outgoing American secretary of state, voiced hopes yesterday for a revival in the Middle East peace process following his first meeting with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in more than 18 months."
Oilfield and information services firm Schlumberger Ltd. said Thursday that third-quarter sales and profit missed Wall Street expectations as hurricanes and a slowdown in drilling activity in Mexico hurt results.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Some mutual funds invest in stocks;  others invest in bonds. Now a new breed of funds is offering  the chance to own fine art.
"Last Sunday Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer kicked off this week #39;s European tour by sitting down with a small group* of British journalists and dispensing pearls of wisdom, notably on the future of Apple in home networking (it has none, natch, says Steve)."
A Catholic priest accused of participating in Rwanda's genocide will go on trial at the UN war crimes court.
"Wall Street was set to open higher on Monday, with advertising group Grey Global (GREY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) in the spotlight after a UK rival agreed to a \$1."
AFP - Russia said that it did not expect North Korea to agree to resume faltering six-way talks about its nuclear weapons program as scheduled this month.
" SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. and Iraqi forces on Sunday  declared victory in Samarra, the first step of a drive to take  back all of Iraq's rebel-held areas before elections due in  January."
"A Chilean judge, known for pursuing human rights violators, indicted former dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet on Monday on charges of kidnapping nine political dissidents and killing one of them during his 17-year military regime."
"A federal judge in Alexandria, Va., will hear opening arguments today in a case that pits Geico against Google. Geico, the auto insurer owned by Berkshire Hathaway, sued Google in May for trademark infringement."
"Here is the list of longest suspensions in NBA history for on-court incidents. Note: does not include the immediate suspension (one game) handed down today: 72 games-x - Ron Artest, Indiana Pacers, (for the "
The New York attorney general #39;s investigation into abuses in the insurance industry escalated yesterday with a lawsuit accusing a California broker of fraudulent practices that led to higher 
"The Este Lauder Companies posted a 22 percent increase in quarterly profit yesterday as higher sales of anti-wrinkle creams, hair-care and cosmetic products offset weaker fragrance purchases."
LONDON MENL -- The International Atomic Energy Agency has reported that several hundred tons of conventional explosives have gone missing from an Iraqi military facility.
"Reuters - An Israeli helicopter fired a missile into\a Palestinian refugee camp in Gaza early on Saturday, killing\an elderly man and wounding at least three people, Palestinian\witnesses and medics said."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices eased on  Thursday but a warning on oil from a top Federal Reserve  official moderated the downward tug from strong regional  manufacturing figures.
"Nokia, one of the leading brands in mobile technologies, has launched a new wireless content solution that will prove to be beneficial to many consumers worldwide."
"Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal, who's kept a low profile since last month's twin suicide bombing in southern Israel, made a surprise visit to Egypt on Sunday, but he deflated Egyptian efforts to bring Palestinian factions together."
AP - Toshiba Corp. has a new flat-panel TV that delivers clear imagery comparable to the old-style cathode-ray tubes by using similar beam-emitting technology.
"AP - Scientists say changes in the earth's climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread melting of glaciers, thinning sea ice and rising permafrost temperatures."
"China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp., which accounts for almost all of China #39;s jet fuel imports, said it #39;s in talks with suppliers and lenders to ensure deliveries to customers after "
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Seven people claiming to have defected  from North Korea sought refuge in a Japanese school in Beijing  on Friday, Japanese government officials said."
"NAGPUR: On his first real day at the office in his 100th Test match, Glenn McGrath showed why he ranks among cricket #39;s all-time greats."
"Alex Rodriguez is generally so wound up after a game that when the Yankees play at home, he goes back to his apartment in Manhattan and watches a re-broadcast of the game on television."
"The American military launched new airstrikes against suspected militant bases in Falljuah Saturday. They also carried out probing attacks on the city #39;s outskirts, as they prepare for a major operation here."
Quarterback Marcus Randall threw a 10 yard touchdown pass to running back Joseph Addai with less than 30 seconds to go in the game to lift LSU to a 24-21 win over Florida Saturday night in the Swamp.
AP - The Baltimore Ravens ran over the hated Pittsburgh Steelers in a performance that belatedly justified their stature as the team to beat in the AFC North. Jamal Lewis rushed for 62 yards and two touchdowns and Chester Taylor added a career-high 76 yards on the ground to lead Baltimore to a 30-13 victory Sunday.
"A government-commissioned report on UK pensions will say tomorrow that retirement savings are less than previously estimated, pension experts said, putting pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair to act before elections."
"The European Parliament is set to call violence in Sudan #39;s Darfur region  quot;tantamount to genocide quot; later this week, echoing strong statements from the United States and toughening the EU stance."
"OAKLAND, Calif. - Kerry Collins, the amiable backup quarterback who has repeatedly promised to be ready when needed, replaced injured starter Rich Gannon and calmly directed the Oakland Raiders to an emotional 30-20 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday night..."
"Production of Vauxhall cars will resume on Sunday following disruption caused by a shortage of components because of a strike by workers in Germany, it was announced tonight."
"Ignoring advice from state election officials to junk Florida's felon no-vote list because it's inaccurate, Gov. Bush puts the list in play, according to a newspaper report. The same database wrongly disenfranchised 2,500 voters in 2000, most of them Democrats."
"LONDON - Michael Eisner, who led the Walt Disney Co. to huge success in the 1980s but more recently clashed with dissident stockholders including the founder's family, will leave the company in 2006 when his contract expires, the company said Friday..."
"MacCentral - At a special music event featuring Bono and The Edge from rock group U2 held on Tuesday, Apple took the wraps off the iPod Photo, a color iPod available in 40GB or 60GB storage capacities. The company also introduced the iPod U2, a special edition of Apple's 20GB player clad in black, equipped with a red Click Wheel and featuring engraved U2 band member signatures. The iPod Photo is available immediately, and Apple expects the iPod U2 to ship in mid-November."
LONDON - Microsoftis ramping up its efforts to sell software as a service by teaming with U.K. telecommunications giant BT Group PLC to provide a platform for the delivery of its business applications.
"This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories for several months, but for many IT managers, ERP (enterprise resource planning) and open source initiatives are on the horizon."
"washingtonpost.com - ALBANY, N.Y. -- Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly  #36;90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices."
"It hit Julie Foudy not when she saw the 90,125 in the Rose Bowl for the final of the 1999 Women #39;s World Cup, or when she heard about the double-digit television rating on ABC, or when she realized President Clinton was in attendance."
"Defying concerns that post-9/11 construction would be dominated by concrete bunkers, the designers of new buildings in New York are turning to glass facades."
"Technology industry reps say they failed to reach consensus with the entertainment industry on language for the proposed Induce Act, which would make it illegal to encourage copyright infringement. By Katie Dean."
"Crew members of Kurt Busch work on the car during a pit stop during the NASCAR Ford 400 at the Homestead Miami Speedway in Homestead, Fla."
English soccer #39;s ruling body charged Bolton forward El-Hadji Diouf with improper conduct for spitting at defender Arjan De Zeeuw during Saturday #39;s 1-0 home loss to Portsmouth.
"Air Force Gen. Richard B. Myers pays a visit to troops in Iraq, but model Leeann Tweeden steals the show."
"CONCORD, NC (Oct. 14, 2004) - Roush Racings Mark Martin announced today that next season will be his last racing for the NEXTEL Cup."
Spain #39;s Sergio Garcia has a one-stroke lead over countryman Miguel Angel Jimenez after the second round of the Omega European Masters golf tournament in Switzerland.
"A recent chemical analysis of preserved mummies has revealed that when it came to mummification, ancient Egyptians treated animals every bit as well as humans."
"AUGUST 27: Say sorry to everybody, she said. No, we wont. Anju Bobby George owes India no apologies. On a night of magic but not quite miracle, Anju broke her own Indian long jump record by "
A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year as they were in 2000 could cause Election Day problems.
Reuters - Carolina Panthers punter\Todd Sauerbrun was arrested Wednesday night and charged with\driving while impaired.
" LONDON (Reuters) - Oil supply fears eased slightly on  Wednesday as OPEC hiked production quotas by 1 million barrels  a day, balancing risks from Hurricane Ivan that has temporarily  closed 60 percent of Gulf of Mexico crude output."
" PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. has  eyed a potential acquisition of Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt;, but has  no imminent plans to make a bid, people familiar with the  situation said on Tuesday."
Steven Gerrard #39;s glorious strike against Olympiakos on Wednesday night was so good that Sven-Goran Eriksson watched countless reruns of it in his Soho Square office yesterday.
"SiliconValley.com - When IBM gave a sneak peek at its new Cell microprocessor this week, it was short on specifics about what it calls a supercomputer on a chip. But details are leaking out thanks to a recent patent awarded to IBM and Big Blue's own disclosures for an upcoming conference."
"CHIP FIRM Intel said it had released support for 802.11a, b and g in the same Calexico wireless chipset. It said it has also built fresh software for its Pro Wireless 2915 ABG connection, which includes a "
"TEHRAN - Iran said Monday it was suspending its program to produce enriched uranium, the crucial ingredient needed for the production of nuclear weapons."
"It was not the year of the Tiger. He #39;s off to the Far East now, for a couple of events there. Then it #39;s back to the US for a skins game in the California desert."
"With the next-generation DVD race hotting up, Sony says that it will begin sampling optical pick-ups featuring blue laser diodes in December this year."
"PARIS - The television channel run by Lebanon #39;s Hizbollah guerrillas and banned in France as anti-Semitic has agreed to stop its satellite broadcasts here immediately, France #39;s broadcasting authority said on Tuesday."
"Reuters - European shares flirted with 28-month\highs on Monday, buoyed by a bounce back in auto groups after\their recent trouncing due to the weak dollar."
"Because of speed restrictions, mobile devices often have trouble downloading Web pages that are designed to provide the optimum experience for high-speed Internet users."
AP - Alabama State postponed Saturday's game with Arkansas-Pine Bluff because of power outages at the stadium due to Hurricane Ivan.
"Who says the Constitution doesn't apply to the Internet?  One of the most controversial provisions of the USA Patriot Act took a blow yesterday, courtesy of the ACLU and a federal judge in New York. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
The first example of a working program designed to exploit a bug in Microsoft #39;s GDI librarywhich allows malicious code to be run simply by viewing a JPEG imagehas been found in the wild.
AP - Marcus Randall threw a 30-yard touchdown pass to David Jones with 2:18 left to give No. 18 LSU a come-from-behind 24-20 victory over Troy on Saturday night.
"The Free Standards Group, a nonprofit organization dedicated to developing and promoting open source software standards, today announced the availability of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, an essential component for the long-term market success of Linux "
" ZURICH/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Swiss banking group UBS, the  world's largest wealth manager, said on Monday it had  strengthened its position in the United States by buying local  rival Julius Baer's U.S. wealth-management business."
Nasa launches the Swift observatory to study gamma-ray bursts - the biggest explosions since the Big Bang.
Justin Langer has defended his Australian opening batting partner Matthew Hayden #39;s decision not to walk after hitting a catch back to New Zealand bowler Paul Wiseman on day one of the second Test in Adelaide yesterday.
"TOKYO Mazda Motor, Japan #39;s fourth-largest carmaker, said Tuesday that it was entering the market for fuel-efficient gasoline-electric vehicles, sharing technology with Ford Motor to catch up with its larger rival, Toyota Motor."
"NEW DELHI: Hit by high crude oil prices and poor monsoon, India #39;s economic growth is expected to slow down to 6.5 percent in 2004-05 fiscal, an Asian Development Bank (ADB) report said on Wednesday."
"Colonial BancGroup of Montgomery, Ala., Tuesday agreed to acquire Union Bank of Florida in in Sunrise, Fla. Under terms of the deal Colonial BancGroup will acquire Union Bank "
"AP - With the new budget year only weeks away, the House has passed a  #36;142.5 billion spending bill that funds some 500 education, health and job training programs."
"Hamid Karzai was sworn in on Tuesday as Afghanistan #39;s first elected president in a ceremony attended by several foreign dignitaries, including US Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Minister Donald Rumsfeld, report agencies."
"Virgin launched its 5 GB player, whose battery life (eight hours) and retail price (\$249) both match the iPod Mini #39;s. There are also reports of the impending release of Creative #39;s "
"WASHINGTON - The government agency in charge of airport security spent nearly a half-million dollars on an awards ceremony at a lavish hotel, including \$81,000 for plaques and \$500 for cheese displays, according to an internal report obtained by The Associated Press.    Awards were presented to 543 Transportation Security Administration employees and 30 organizations, including a ""lifetime achievement award"" for one worker with the 2-year-old agency..."
A man who purported to offer rare sports cards including that of baseball legend Mickey Mantle has been charged with defrauding eBay (EBAY.
"LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Computer Associates, the beleaguered maker of corporate software, will tap a longtime IBM executive as its new chief, according to a published report Monday."
"George Soros, the billionaire financier, is handing more control of his money management firm to two of his sons as he continues to scale back the focus of his investment firm."
Extended collaboration could result in chips built on 32-nanometer technology.
"The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart Corp. executives and five employees of companies that supplied the Troy, Mich."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Wednesday,  recovering some of the losses it made after the Fed raised U.S.  interest rates as expected but did little to change the  market's view that its monetary tightening cycle will continue."
"Iran appeared yesterday to have reached a tentative deal with Britain, France and Germany that would avert the threat of United Nations sanctions over its nuclear programme."
IOC President Jacques Rogge hailed  quot;the awakening of Asia quot; at the Athens Olympics as the global event headed toward its finale.
"Rupert Murdoch is normally courteous to his shareholders, but they were reminded of their irrelevance at yesterday #39;s News Corp annual meeting: proxy votes had ensured 92 support for the move to the US state of Delaware."
"A 60-year-old woman jumped on to the back of a crocodile yesterday, tackling it to free a man trapped in its jaws. The four-metre (13ft) crocodile grabbed the 34-year-old man as he slept in a tent with his "
"Reuters - The U.S. economy grew at a healthy\3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter this year,\bolstered by strong consumer spending and accompanied by the\lowest inflation in decades, the Commerce Department said on\Friday."
Loyalists of both parties might think the No. 2 candidates were more slashing debaters than John Kerry and President Bush.
\A plant whose bloom produces an incredible smell has finally flowered in Sydney.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home  run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight  year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh  Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
The following are excerpts from the first presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry:
"Linux and identity management will be Novell #39;s biggest strengths, according to its chief executive Jack Messman. Messman told delegates at this year #39;s Novell Brainshare Europe event in Barcelona that the company "
"AMD launches the \$185 Personal Internet Communicator(PIC) in partnership with Tata Indicom to tap the Indian market. MUMBAI: The Austin, TX-based chip vendor AMD calls it the 50x15 initiative : the move towards "
"NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of OmniVision Technologies (OVTI) rose more than 8 percent to \$13.13. The move comes after the Sunnyvale, Calif."
"The Houston Astros claimed their 11th straight win, thanks to a 9-7 success over the Cincinnati Reds. Mark Lamb and Carlos Beltran both homered while Roy Oswalt won for the 17th time this season as the Astros "
AFP - UN chief Kofi Annan's special envoy to Sudan urged the Sudanese government to accept international aid if it is unable to protect the population in its troubled Darfur region.
"AP - The Federal Trade Commission on Thursday filed the first case in the country against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive ""spyware"" and then trying to sell people the solution."
"American Express Co. said on Monday its quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts #39; expectations, due to strength in the economy that spurred record card "
"Canadian Press - MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) - A 36-year-old businesswoman was believed to be the first woman to walk around Australia on Friday after striding into her hometown of Melbourne to complete her 16,700-kilometre trek in 365 days."
"A group of 44 former IT employees at Best Buy has filed a class-action lawsuit charging the retailer with age discrimination in connection with the termination of their jobs during layoffs last spring and in 2003. Best Buy said the claims ""are without merit."""
"AFP - Yuta Tabuse has signed for the Phoenix Suns, boosting his hopes of becoming the first Japanese to play in the US National Basketball Association (NBA) regular season, the NBA's Tokyo branch said."
LONDON : Australa won the toss and elected to field in their winner-takes-all ICC Champions Trophy Pool A match against New Zealand here at the Oval.
"Patrick Ramsey will start instead of Mark Brunell at quarterback for the Washington Redskins, a move coach Joe Gibbs hopes will end the team #39;s worst scoring drought in seven decades."
"AP - Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal, who's kept a low profile since last month's twin suicide bombing in southern Israel, made a surprise visit to Egypt on Sunday, but he deflated Egyptian efforts to bring Palestinian factions together."
F5 Networks is making over its flagship Big-IP traffic management platform this week with the launch of new software and hardware aimed at securing and improving the performance of Web and legacy applications.
"DoCoMo #39;s service allows users to send e-mails, chat, play games, download ring tones and access content from more than 70,000 Web sites."
SAP AG unveils a service that evaluates security settings across a customer #39;s SAP enterprise system. SAP AG on Wednesday unveiled a service that evaluates security settings across a customer #39;s SAP enterprise system.
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - U.S. dieters will soon be able to  count their carbs on mobile phones, the company behind the  Atkins Diet said on Thursday."
"ATHENS, GREECE - Bulgaria #39;s Milen Dobrev lived up to his top seeding and took the gold medal in the 207-pound (94 kg) division of the Olympic weightlifting tournament."
"PITTSBURGH at NY GIANTS Time: 1:30 p.m. Line: Steelers by 10. Records: Steelers 12-1, Giants 5-8. Vs. spread: Steelers 10-1-2, Giants 5-8. Series: Giants lead, 43-27-3. Comments: Think the Giants knew Ben Roethlisberger was available on draft day when they broke the bank and traded for Eli Manning? . . . All Big Ben has done this year is complete ..."
"Rubens Barrichello won the pole position for the Italian Grand Prix, a victory Ferrari fans had hoped would go to Michael Schumacher."
" ATHENS (Reuters) - Moroccan duo Hicham El Guerrouj and Adil  Kaouch led the way into the Olympic men's 1,500 meters final  when they each won one of Saturday's semi-finals."
ELEANOR HALL: Now to the judgment in the sex abuse trial on Pitcairn Island. A short time ago the court on the Island handed down a guilty verdict against all but one of the seven men who had been charged with offences ranging from indecency to rape.
"Yahoo! yesterday became the latest big name to make its presence felt in the burgeoning market for online music. The internet portal agreed a \$160m (89m) deal to acquire Musicmatch, a San Diego-based firm "
"Qualcomm (Quote, Chart) is in talks to acquire a semiconductor design firm to help satisfy demand for its third-generation CDMA (define) wireless devices, the company said Thursday."
"AP - Fiat SpA said Tuesday that its Iveco SpA trucks unit has agreed to develop a long-term partnership with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp., one of the largest Chinese automakers, for building trucks and other industrial vehicles."
"_ Newly minted World Series hero Curt Schilling canceled a scheduled campaign appearance with President Bush on Friday, saying his doctors advised him not to travel because of his injured ankle."
&lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. on Thursday reported a\\$7.1 billion third-quarter loss due to an \$11.4 billion\writedown of its assets after its retreat from consumer\services and other restructuring charges.&lt;/p&gt;
"Nokia Corp. on Tuesday demonstrated the use of IPv6, the next generation Internet protocol, on a handset. The Finnish company demonstrated what it called the industry #39;s  quot;first Mobile IPv6 call."
"AP - BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich.  #151; Oakland Hills' place in golf history was secure before the Ryder Cup arrived."
AP - Broncos defensive lineman Luther Elliss will miss the rest of the season because of a herniated disc in his lower back.
Proposals for identity cards and a population register are opposed by Britain's information watchdog.
"American tennis player Andre Agassi serve to his fellow countryman Vincent Spadea during his ATP Masters series tennis match in Madrid, Thursday, Oct. 21, 2004."
"WASHINGTON - The House passed legislation Thursday that would prevent the Supreme Court from ruling on whether the words ""under God"" should be stricken from the Pledge of Allegiance.    In a politically and emotionally charged debate, Democrats said majority Republicans in the chamber were debasing the Constitution in order to force a vote that could hurt Democrats in the election..."
"World leaders congratulate the winner of Indonesia's elections, but the president stops short of conceding."
AP - Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable data storage drive.
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; board  of directors on Tuesday said it expected to find a chief  executive to succeed Michael Eisner by next June and would  consider both outside executives and Disney President and Chief  Operating Officer Bob Iger for the position."
"Media giant would pay \$750M to settle wide-ranging allegations of accounting irregularities at Va.-based America Online.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
Among the more than 150 cybercrime arrests and convictions announced Thursday by the Department of Justice was an original: the nation #39;s first case alleging denial of service attacks against competitors to knock them offline.
Libya moves ahead with plans to modernise its oil industry and invites representatives from global companies to Tripoli for talks.
"NOORDWIJK: Five EU states signed an accord on Friday creating a new European military police force deployable to crisis situations worldwide, the latest tool in Europes developing security arsenal."
"BOE Technology Group of China said it has signed a letter of intent to sell its 45.21 percent stake in its joint-venture subsidiary, Beijing Orient Top Victory Electronics, to TPV Technology in trade for an as-yet undetermined stake in the Hong Kong "
"THE online search giant Yahoo wants to make a debut on the small screens of handphone users soon. Yahoo has acquired WUF Networks, a small start-up with technology which aims to let consumers move their songs "
The Thai police sergeant wanted in connection with the murder of two British travellers was yesterday reported to have contacted his superiors and offered to give himself up.
"Minnesota Vikings head coach Mike Tice said that there are two or three college football jobs that could lure him from the NFL, according to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer."
The announcement was called a breakthrough in the US Justice Department #39;s long investigation into price-fixing allegations in the semiconductor industry.
"By setting himself on fire outside the White House, a Yemeni man with a checkered past has damaged what may be the biggest terrorism financing case in this country."
"Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell said\on Thursday that U.N. plans to help with the upcoming election\in Iraq appeared to be on track, despite months of pressure for\the world body to increase its staff."
IT departments at a several universities issued warnings about problems caused by the Marketscore software which promises to speed up Web browsing.
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;, in its first earnings report as a publicly held  company, on Thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue  that more than doubled on strong Web search advertising."
"His postseason fate now formally sealed, Moises Alou #39;s eyes filled any gaps his words left behind. The disappointment, the confusion, the shock."
Google warned Thursday that increased competition and the maturing of the company would result in an  quot;inevitable quot; slowing of its growth.
"When Sylvester Croom met with 500 members of the Mississippi State Quarterback Club at the Starkville Country Club recently, he read a poem entitled:  quot;What is a Coach?"
"AP - Indiana Pacers guard Fred Jones and a brother of Detroit Pistons center Ben Wallace were identified by police as participants in last month's NBA brawl, the Detroit Free Press reported Saturday."
Phil Mickelson reiterated Wednesday that his performance at the Ryder Cup would not suffer because of his recent switch to using some Callaway golf equipment.
LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high above \$47 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand growth in China and India underlined how rising appetite for oil is straining the world #39;s supply system. 
First he reinvented the way we get e-mail. Now he's rounded up a bunch of radical thinkers to reinvent physics itself. By Duff McDonald from Wired magazine.
"Research shows that the dangers linking the arthritis drug Vioxx, a COX-2 inhibitor, to an increased risk of heart attacks, were known in 2000, which should have led to its immediate recall."
"Wake Forest has eight interceptions for the season -- which ranks 12th nationally -- and will test Va. Tech quarterback Bryan Randall, who has thrown six picks in five games."
"UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said no deal has been reached on how to clear the debts of the world #39;s poorest nations, a debate that has divided the UK and US governments."
The people of Belarus know oppression. They know hardship and misfortune on a scale far beyond most corners of the world. So it should be no surprise to learn that an entire countrys great 
"THERE is nothing more self-righteous than a modern paparazzo with a split lip, garnered in the course of his slightly weird trade."
"washingtonpost.com - Google is famed for its Web search engine, but over the past few years it has acquired a different role: Microsoft's No. 1 foreign aid donor. First, Google fixed some of Internet Explorer's worst defects with its Google Toolbar, a free add-in that blocks pop-up ads and provides a shortcut to (naturally) Google's search engine and an auto-fill option to complete Web forms. Now it has released the Google Desktop, another free program that fixes an equally glaring weakness of Windows: its woeful file-searching capabilities."
"United said on Wednesday that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, increase the use of its regional carrier and expand its international flights."
"The widow of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has picked up his medical records from the Paris hospital where he died November 11, and was reviewing the information, her lawyers said."
"The world #39;s longest continually running experiment has revealed traces of plutonium in British soil from nuclear tests in the Nevada desert 50 years ago, scientists said on Monday."
"Japanese stocks rose, led by exporters such as Advantest Corp. and Toyota Motor Corp., after a slide in oil prices in New York trading eased concern that global economic growth will slow."
LONDONFans of the self-styled biggest soccer team in the world are outraged this week following news that Manchester United is subject to a reported takeover bid by Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer.
"Reuters - U.S. retailers are expected to post\modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart\Stores Inc.  already cutting its holiday outlook on high\oil prices and warmer weather."
"PARIS (AFP) - A German man has been able to eat his first solid meal in nine years, thanks to a pioneering surgical technique in which the patient incubated a replacement jawbone in a muscle on his back."
"Minnesota coach Glen Mason will get a firsthand look Saturday at the guy who got away. John Stocco, the starting quarterback for No."
AP - Allen Iverson waited his entire NBA career to make a buzzer-beating shot. Grant Hill waited four long years just to get back to full strength.
"Manager Art Howe met with Mets owner Fred Wilpon and GM Jim Duquette yesterday, one day after saying that if the team planned to fire him, it should do it now."
The dollar pared earlier gains versus the yen on Monday as traders took profits following the US currency #39;s advance last week on positive jobs news that raised prospects for an interest rate rise later this month.
"Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams was ordered Friday to repay the team more than \$8.6 million. The money was for incentives and a signing bonus, an arbitrator said."
Lower courts had ruled that the companies are not liable for copyright violations committed by users.
"LLEYTON Hewitt has told friends of his heartbreak and shock when fiancee Kim Clijsters dumped him. Clijsters, 21, phoned Hewitt on Thursday night to end their "
The Bush administration lobbied Chinese economic officials on Thursday to overhaul a currency regime that American manufacturers contend gives China a huge competitive advantage.
"The day after the Genesis space capsule crashes in the Utah desert, NASA technicians comb through the wreckage hoping to salvage something from the \$264 million mission. Amit Asaravala reports from Salt Lake City."
AFP - Mizuki Noguchi kept the Olympic Games women's marathon title in Japan when she clinched gold here in a time of 2hrs 26min 20sec.
Introgen Therapeutics Inc. reported Friday that it raised an additional \$7.8 million from the same European institutional investors with whom it placed shares Wednesday.
"The semiconductor industry should take in \$226 billion in revenue this year, up 27 from last year, according to research firm Gartner Inc. But that grow is expected to slow in 2005."
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An execution deadline for two Americans  and a Briton kidnapped in central Baghdad by militants  demanding the release of women prisoners by U.S. forces in Iraq  expired Monday with no word on their fate.
"Orange joined the Christmas scramble for customers willing to experiment with new 3G services yesterday, offering four handsets, a competitively priced service and a target of four million customers, split between Britain and France, within two years."
"BRUSSELS: The European Union asked the US government on Friday to hold talks at the WTO on a trade row involving aviation giants Boeing and Airbus at the end of this month, an official said."
Reuters - Several U.S. Supreme Court justices\expressed reservations on Monday about allowing medical\marijuana for sick patients whose doctors have recommended they\smoke it for pain.
"A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick."
" ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan has arrested a Yemeni  national who is an important figure in al Qaeda's new  leadership and another foreign national who is one of the  network's communications specialists, officials said on  Wednesday."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim government, preparing  for an election next month while fighting a bloody insurgency,  asked some of Saddam's Hussein's disbanded army to come back to  work on Wednesday."
"New York Giants receiver Amani Toomer returned to practice Friday and participated in some individual drills, but his status for Sunday #39;s game against the Minnesota Vikings is still undecided."
"Reuters - France said on Saturday it hoped Islamic\militants were about to free two French hostages, but urged\caution as fresh violence erupted in Iraq."
" LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices tumbled again on Monday to an  8-week low under \$46 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the  United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch."
" LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hovered below \$47 a barrel on  Wednesday, awaiting U.S. data that was expected to show a big  drop in fuel stocks after Hurricane Ivan disrupted operations."
Reuters - Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said on Wednesday he remained hopeful that sustainable peace could be achieved with India after a friendly meeting with his counterpart Manmohan Singh.
"Less than 24 hours after Pedro Martnez stood inside Shea Stadium for his introduction as the Mets' newest pitcher, he was on an island in the Caribbean Sea."
A vindictive software programmer upset about his cancelled contract snuck into Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates Inc. #39;s computer system and zapped out e-commerce coding he and others 
"MARK COLVIN: Meanwhile, the Iraqi Interim Government has denied that it #39;s going to release a top woman germ warfare scientist, Rihab Taha, from jail."
The former England midfielder spent two months as a player-coach with the League Two side but left to embark on a Football Association coaching course.
"BRUSSELS: The European Commission will revise downwards its 2005 economic growth forecast because of soaring oil prices, Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said on Wednesday."
"JAMMU, India : Two trains collided head-on in the northern Indian state of Punjab Tuesday, killing 15 to 20 people, the railway minister said."
Real Madrid defender Jonathan Woodgate has suffered a setback in his comeback from a thigh problem - which has kept him on the sidelines since April.
PRIME Minister John Howard conceded yesterday a fresh inquiry into the children overboard saga would find he had lied. 
"The government announced Friday plans to conduct a sweeping overhaul of its defense policy, adjusting Japan #39;s armed forces to better handle new threats such as terrorism and giving them a greater global role."
The first film to be shot entirely against a blue screen boasts a striking visual style and deft references to adventure classics. But ultimately it's a bland tale. Jason Silverman reviews Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.
"WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Freddie Mac will resume quarterly financial reporting next summer, after forgoing the regular reports in the wake of its restatement of three years #39; worth of results, the mortgage giant said Monday."
"Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Senator John Kerry has blue blood from all the royal houses of Europe, with even more titled relations than President George W. Bush, Burke's Peerage said Monday."
"AFP - The United States dismissed as inappropriate North Korea's unusually strong personal attacks on President George W. Bush, but remained confident Pyongyang would attend talks to resolve the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula."
" SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia's government looked set for a  fourth straight term, according to a poll trend released on the  eve of Saturday's election, as rival leaders made last-minute  pitches over the economy and the U.S.-led Iraq war."
"In an abrupt completion to a merger that was delayed for months, Anthem Inc. completed its \$20.8 billion purchase of WellPoint Health Networks on Tuesday and said the combined company is  quot;off and running."
"The new European Commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, is under mounting pressure to strip Italy #39;s designated justice commissioner, of his role in anti-discrimination policy after he made another gaffe at the weekend."
Two new products are designed to make it easier for businesses to connect storage computers across long distances.
"NASA says the space capsule, built by Lockheed Martin, went down in the Utah desert because a crucial switch was put on backward. By John Johnson."
"The Justice Department has opened an investigation into possible accounting fraud by the mortgage giant Fannie Mae. The criminal inquiry, still in a preliminary stage, came "
Forbes.com - Soka University in Japan trains students for government employment exams and touts their success. Might a presence of followers in the civil service be of more than spiritual use to Soka Gakkai? Consider this case from the files of the Tokyo civil courts.
"As a result of the successful sale, the team will compete in the 2005 under Red Bull ownership with Cosworth engines in 2005. It was also announced that Tony Purnell has been confirmed as Team Principal of "
"LONDON: US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has raised his stake in Manchester United Plc to 27.63 from 25.3, the Premier League club said yesterday, heightening speculation that he will bid for them."
WORLD oil prices firmed overnight after a five-session drop amid renewed concerns over unrest in Iraq despite a ceasefire in its holy city of Najaf.
AP - Japanese electronics makers Toshiba Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. raised their earnings outlooks for the fiscal first half Friday on rising global demand for electronics products.
German telecommunications company Siemens Mobile says it is developing the first cell phone that will alert users when their breath is bad.
Ohio coach Brian Knorr was fired Thursday after leading the Bobcats to an 11-35 record in four seasons. Ohio had a 4-7 mark this season.
"WASHINGTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The Bush administration, seeking to achieve an economic breakthrough in the closing weeks of an election campaign, says China has made a serious commitment to overhauling a currency "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell on Tuesday as giant  retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; declined on disappointing  quarterly sales while news of a sharp rise in October producer  prices fanned inflation fears."
"1 November 2004 - Slobodan Miloevic can go back to representing himself in his ongoing genocide trial but must let his court-appointed lawyers assist him if his health threatens to interfere with the case, a United Nations tribunal ruled today."
"The French Ministry of Defense has signed up Paris-based Linux vendor Madrakesoft SA and a consortium of companies to develop a highly secure Linux operating system for business, defense and government uses."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 2 percent by late  morning trade on Monday as banks extended last week's gains and  strong gains in U.S. semiconductor chip stocks helped push up  Japanese peers such as Advantest Corp.
" LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set for a steady start  on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas  Instruments &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TXN.N&lt;/A&gt; lending some backbone to the technology  sector."
"THE Nigerian Government has ordered Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell to pay \$2.13 billion in compensation for damage caused by nearly 60 years of exploration in the Niger Delta, a Senate paper said yesterday."
An Australian biotech company announced Monday that it is to release the embryonic stem cell line it has developed to world researchers for free.
"Fannie Mae (FNM:NYSE - news - research), the scandal-tainted mortgage finance firm, says it #39;s looking at a \$9 billion loss in its derivatives portfolio if regulators don #39;t accept its accounting practices."
Reuters - A roadside bomb blast targeting a police\convoy in Athens early on Friday caused no injuries but alarmed\authorities who had been insisting that Greece's leftist\guerrillas were defeated.
" LONDON (Reuters) - Golf, rugby and squash are on a  shortlist of five sports to be assessed for possible inclusion  in the 2012 Olympics."
"The last 12 months have seen a huge rise in the number of so-called phishing attacks, say security experts."
"The Cubs made a pair of trades yesterday, getting OF Ben Grieve from the Brewers and acquiring backup C Mike DiFelice from the Tigers."
"Peyton Manning is on pace to shatter Dan Marino's single-season touchdown record and a second quarterback, Daunte Culpepper, is within striking distance of the mark."
"The Federal Communications Commission, citing concerns about national security, has abandoned a 10-year-old policy and will no longer give the public access to information about past telephone network outages. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"Is this a joke or is it a misleading headline? The answer is neither. It #39;s for real. PalmOne, the handheld manufacturers as opposed to PalmSource, the operating system company, signed a licensing agreement "
Verisign has lost the latest round of its legal battle against the Internet #39;s technical regulator ICANN. Judge Howard Matz of the District Court in Central California threw out Verisign #39;s allegations that 
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. consumers cheered up in early  December, sending potentially good news to retailers during the  crucial holiday shopping season, a report showed on Friday."
" JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon agreed  Wednesday to changes in the route of Israel's West Bank barrier  but insisted on keeping key Jewish settlement blocks inside,  political sources said."
 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar eased toward last week's  record low against the euro on Thursday after capital inflows  data added to worries the United States may struggle to fund  its current account deficit.
"US troops went on the offensive from the gates of Baghdad to the Syrian border, pounding Sunni insurgent positions from the air and supporting Iraqi soldiers in raids on mosques suspected of harboring extremists."
"Subscribers of the company's Net phone service can get information on park locations, public transit, and so on."
"The Labor opposition had its first positive bounce in the third week of the campaign for the Australian election on October 9. First, last week it launched its long awaited taxation policy."
LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- The Los Angeles Clippers are picking up the victories you have to secure if you want to contend for a postseason berth in the Western Conference.
LOS ANGELES - Walt Disney Co. (DIS) on Wednesday agreed to sell its money-losing Disney store chain to Children #39;s Place Retail Stores (PLCE) in a deal analysts described as positive for Children #39;s Place.
A message on a dry-erase board greeted the Cubs in their clubhouse Monday and explained how they should approach the final days of the regular season.
"WASHINGTON: An ageing US population will strain public finances and hurt the economy without swift fixes to the social safety net, such as raising the age for full retirement benefits, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday."
"Reuters - Egypt plans to run tests on the mummy of\Tutankhamun to find out what killed the king who ruled Egypt\more than 3,000 years ago and died while only a teenager."
"The economys 6.2-percent gross domestic product (GDP) growth in the second quarter may have exceeded expectations, but the stock market nonetheless shrugged off the positive news."
"PRA International Inc., a McLean company that manages clinical trials for drug companies, plans to use some of the funds to hire staff as it expands its worldwide operations. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
"More than 30,000 PCs per day are being recruited into secret networks that spread spam and viruses, a study shows. Six months ago only 2,000 Windows machines per day were being recruited into these so-called bot nets."
"Mayor Thomas M. Menino is going ahead with redevelopment of the historic Ferdinand Building in Dudley Square, even though the state has dumped a plan to relocate 1,000 or so employees there."
BAGHDAD - Doctors at a central Baghdad hospital said on Monday at least eight people were killed and 30 wounded in a car bomb blast near one of the entrances to the heavily fortified Green Zone.
"SUING MACHINE, the RIAA is on the legal defensive after a P2P software company has accused it of nicking its technology. Altnet is suing the RIAA and several of its partners of pirating its patent covering "
"AP - Jeff Bagwell homered and drove in three runs, becoming the 29th player in major league history to both score and drive in 1,500 runs, and the Houston Astros rallied to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-3 on Saturday night."
"The chairman of Santander Central Hispano, the Spanish bank which is bidding for Abbey National, will tell unions today that a successful acquisition by his company will result in less than "
The 33-year-old Goldwire has averaged 6.5 points and 2.9 assists with six NBA teams since joining the league with the Charlotte Hornets in 1995-96.
"Goshen (Associated Press) -- Forest River, a recreational vehicle and cargo trailer maker, plans to build seven new buildings at its Goshen complex and add more than 600 workers by April."
"A military judge hearing pre-trial evidence in the alleged abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison pressed the US government today to speed up its investigations, warning that delays could derail the case against at least one of the accused soldiers."
"KATMANDU, Nepal (AP) - A heavily guarded convoy of six buses snaked its way out of Nepal #39;s capital Thursday, the first vehicles to defy Maoist rebels who blockaded Katmandu this week with threats alone and without setting up a single roadblock. "
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent pitcher Woody Williams rejoined the San Diego Padres more than three years after he was traded away.
Saturday marks the final day of swimming at the 2004 Olympics and even though American Michael Phelps will not be in the pool for the 400-meter medley relay he will have a chance to tie an incredible record.
"Along with the launch of 2 new iPods in iPod U2 Special Edition and iPod Photo, Apple also launched their flagship digital music store iTunes in European countries."
"Turkey seemed to shift geographically Westward on Wednesday, after the European Commission opened the way for it to become a full member of the European Union."
"Today, there was another good omen that Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is fast gaining traction amongst large companies. Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) said it will switch to Internet telephones, using Cisco #39;s (Nasdaq: CSCO) equipment."
"The WPP Group, the world #39;s second-largest advertising and marketing company, reported on Friday that profit for the first half of the year rose 11 percent, providing further "
When does a college quarterback know he #39;s arrived? Is it when history is made? When Tennessee quarterback Brent Schaeffer started in the Vols #39; 42-17 win against UNLV two weeks 
"Alcoa Inc. (AA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest aluminum producer, said on Thursday that net income for the quarter rose slightly, as labor problems and "
By ANICK JESDANUN     NEW YORK (AP) -- Add America Online Inc. to the growing list of companies and organizations shunning a spam-fighting proposal from Microsoft Corp...
" LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to rise on  Tuesday as easing crude oil prices soothed fears of a squeeze  on earnings and on a thin corporate menu investors will be able  to chew over results from food group H.J. Heinz Co &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HNZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HNZ.N&lt;/A&gt;."
But the words of the Miami Dolphins #39; wide receiver following Monday night #39;s humiliating 41-14 loss to the New York Jets had a bullhorn #39;s effect on the cascading level of frustration a 1-7 season 
AP - The Jordanian monarch said in an interview published Tuesday that elections in Iraq are impossible in the current chaos and that he sees no chances of improvement in the short term.
"DUBAI, United Arab Emirates - A Web site linked to an Iraqi militant group showed a video of what was purported to be the killing of 12 Nepalese workers by militants who had kidnapped them.    The Nepalese Foreign Ministry said it could not confirm the report of the hostages' deaths..."
"Reuters - A federal appeals court on Thursday\delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major\movie studios and music companies, ruling that several major\online file-sharing software companies are not liable for\copyright infringement."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Low-cost carrier JetBlue Airways Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JBLU.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;JBLU.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said third-quarter earnings fell 71  percent as it struggled with skyrocketing fuel prices and tough  competition."
"Dutch national anti-terrorism police today arrested more than 20 suspected Kurdish rebels at a paramilitary training camp in the southern Netherlands, according to reports."
"Utah Coach Urban Meyer met with Notre Dame officials about the school's head coaching vacancy Thursday, and he is expected to meet with Florida's AD on Friday."
"ABC, trying to avoid anything like Janet Jackson's exposed breast during last season's Super Bowl halftime, will use a 10-second delay in the music show before the NFL season opener."
AP - Romario celebrated his retirement from international soccer by scoring two goals to give Brazil's 1994 World Cup team a 2-1 victory Wednesday night over Mexico's World Cup team from that year.
IBM Corp has announced that it will launch a new low-budget version of its BladeCenter chassis for blade servers in an effort to make the blade machines more appealing to budget conscious customers in the small- and mid-sized market.
America #39;s biggest mortgage lender was thrown into turmoil yesterday when the industry watchdog accused it of having major accounting problems and doubted the  quot;soundness quot; of the company.
TIM Henman made a bright start to the defence of his French Masters Series title in Paris with a 6-3 6-4 win over Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan.
Legitimate mortgage lenders inadvertently support--and get tangled in--spam traps.
"LISTENING to the saber-rattling emanating from western countries that are angry about the humanitarian crisis in the western Sudan region of Darfur, one would conclude that strong international action is about to be carried out on behalf of the more than "
"It was dark and eerily quiet in the command center of Akamai Technologies Inc., a company whose mission of easing Internet traffic jams gives it a clear view of what's happening on the Internet."
"Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Ted Lilly threw a three-hit shutout with a career-high 13 strikeouts to lead the Toronto Blue Jays to a 3-0 victory over the Boston Red Sox at SkyDome."
"Toyota Motor Corp. #39;s Prius hybrid has been voted 2005 European Car of the Year, Japan #39;s top auto maker said Monday, after the fuel-sipping sedan picked up the corresponding title in North America in January."
All-Pro left tackle Jonathan Ogden signed a new seven-year contract Thursday with the Baltimore Ravens. The deal should allow the seven-time Pro Bowler to finish his career with the Ravens.
Reuters - Chicago Bears wide\receiver David Terrell has been arrested for traffic\violations.
"iraffes evolved long necks to browse in trees high above the competition. That is as plain as the explanation the wolf in granny clothing gave Little Red Riding Hood for his big teeth:  quot;The better to eat you with, my dear."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Thursday, weighed down by rising oil prices and  sales warnings in the chip sector, with Wall Street awaiting  weekly jobless claims data."
"Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader #39;s bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world."
"A majority of people worldwide say corruption among government and business elites is a grave problem, and about 10 percent say that they or a member of their household paid a bribe in the previous year, according to a new global opinion poll."
BBC world affairs editor John Simpson knew the former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat well. He considers what the future holds for the Palestinian people now he has gone.
"Description: In the weeks leading up to the Olympic games in Athens, hotels were expecting huge crowds to flood the city. Lagging ticket sales at Olympic venues seem to have trickled into the hotel business as well, as crowds have failed to show up as ..."
"Bowing to corporate pressure, the group that sets standards for the US accounting industry said on Wednesday it postponed the implementation of compulsory expensing of employee "
"It's still a month from the final vote, but make no mistake, the Heisman Trophy race is heating up. Starting tomorrow, and continuing through the first week of December, the candidates will strut their stuff."
"AFP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and his Syrian counterpart, Bashar al-Assad, called for Lebanon's sovereignty to be respected, rejecting international condemnation of Damascus' interference in its smaller neighbour's politics."
"Reuters - Australia declared their second innings on 329 for five, setting India 543 to win, on the fourth morning of the third test on Friday."
"JBoss on Monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time."
"A day after returning from his visit to the University of Michigan, Price gave a verbal commitment to play basketball for the Wolverines on Monday afternoon."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.&lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly profit and signaled  that business may not recover anytime soon, sending its shares  down more than 17 percent in pre-market trading."
"Reuters - A leading pro-Taliban Sunni Muslim\cleric and an associate were shot dead in southern Pakistan on\Saturday, the latest attack in religious violence that has\already killed more than 70 people this month."
"Back when he was a shot putter at Dartmouth, he showed up for practice one day just as a freshman girl learning a new rotation let loose with an errant toss that caught Nelson right in the forehead. "
"AFP - Canada's Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal from German Holocaust denier Ernst Zundel, who faces deportation to Germany."
" ANAHEIM, Calif., (Sports Network) - The Tampa Bay Devil  Rays acquired catcher Kevin Cash from the Toronto Blue Jays on  Sunday in exchange for right-handed pitcher Chad Gaudin."
"What normally happens within twenty minutes? That's how long your average unprotected PC running Windows XP, fresh out of the box, will last once it's connected to the Internet."
Brazilian Adriano scored two wonderful goals as Inter Milan beat Udinese 3-1 in Serie A on Sunday while a superb Andrea Pirlo strike gave AC Milan a 1-0 win at Cagliari.
China repatriates up to 70 North Koreans caught in Beijing while allegedly preparing to seek asylum.
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan has told the BBC that the US-led invasion of Iraq was an illegal act that contravened the UN Charter.
AP - A  #36;100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation's nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record  #151; the second in just over a month.
"A century-old tariff should not be extended to Internet phone calls, the companies say."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Poultry producer Sanderson Farms Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SAFM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SAFM.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it is being hurt by lower wholesale  prices and higher grain costs in the current quarter, sparking  a 23 percent drop in its stock and pulling down shares of its  rivals."
"The US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 in the spring, the government reported Wednesday in the final revision to second-quarter gross domestic product."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Soaring oil prices may again hijack  Friday's gathering of finance chiefs from the world's top  economic powers, though a U.S. drive to pressure  China over  currency policy was gathering steam on Thursday."
"Shares in Alitalia gained over 5.0 percent Monday after the state-controlled airline clinched a final union agreement over job and wage cuts, clearing a key obstacle to its turnaround plan."
"TOKYO - A pair of powerful earthquakes struck western Japan today, rattling several major cities and triggering tsunami waves. There are reports at least four people are injured, but no damage reports yet."
"LAGOS, Sept. 6 (Xinhuanetby Dai Adi, Lin Xiaochun) -- The road to sustainable peace in war-ravaged Darfur region, western Sudan, might be a long and tortuous one as the on-going African Union (AU)-sponsored "
"Scientists have now officially witnessed the perfect cosmic storm. Thanks to the European Space Agency #39;s XMM-Newton observatory, they watched a nearby head-on collision between two galaxy clusters."
"By STEPHEN GRAHAM Associated Press Writer KABUL, Afghanistan (AP). The purported leader of Taliban-linked militants holding three UN hostages in Afghanistan said his group is split over whether to  quot;get rid quot; of "
 LOS ANGELES/TOKYO (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony Corp.  of America has agreed to buy Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$2.85 billion in cash to mine  MGM's lucrative library for the booming DVD market.
"Samsung #39;s latest phone offers streaming video and audio, including from major old media companies, along with a megapixel camera. "
"Bausch  amp; Lomb Inc., propelled once more by a sharp rise in sales of contact lenses, eye-care drugs and vision-correction surgical products, posted a 34 percent jump in third-quarter "
New York Post - THINK of Major League    Baseball as the Titanic    after it rammed into the    tip of the iceberg.
"PASADENA, Calif. (Reuters) - NASA has recruited two Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots for an especially tricky maneuver -- snagging a capsule full of stardust as it parachutes back to Earth next month, mission managers said on Thursday. "
"FORT CAMPBELL, Ky. -- Command Sergeant Major Kurt Pinero looked up from the operating table after laser eye surgery, and made out the pictures on the television screen across the room."
"LONDON (Ticker) - A new route for a London marathon is expected to be unveiled later this week, when details of the city #39;s bid for the 2012 Olympics are announced."
WASHINGTON - Astronomers have used a network of small telescopes to discover a planet circling a far-off star.  quot;This discovery demonstrates that even humble telescopes can make huge contributions to planet 
"In the latest change to its product line-up, Intel has cancelled plans to release a 4-gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips."
"BAIJI, December 01 (Online): A car bomb exploded in a crowded market in a town north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least seven people and wounding 20, underlining Iraqs severe security problems with elections just two months away."
"Despite a new study indicating nearly 16,000 dormitory beds have been created over the past 14 years, Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino said yesterday that colleges and universities will have to consider freezing enrollments to avoid adding to Boston's housing shortage."
Italian authorities said Thursday they had no information allowing them to confirm the execution of two Italian hostages being held in Iraq.
"QUESTIONS WERE ASKED ABOUT Sam Allardyces ambition when, having spent years bemoaning the lack of opportunities for British managers, he politely told Newcastle United to look elsewhere in their search for a successor to Sir Bobby Robson."
Detainees released from Guantanamo Bay have been recaptured or killed fighting U.S. forces in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
The Serbian PM insists his country's courts should try war crimes suspects wanted by the tribunal in The Hague.
Concern over falling profit margins at Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. grew on Thursday as the company said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker issued a  quot;sell quot; rating on its stock for the first time in years.
"While it has rejected each of Oracle Corp.'s takeover offers today, PeopleSoft's board of directors is willing to talk about a deal at the right price, a member of the company's board said today."
"Hopes that Islamic militants will soon free two French hostages in Iraq are rising, despite confusion over which group is now holding them."
"The university estimates the data theft cost the school \$167,000 to recover the system affected by the breach."
" NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious  leaders trying to end a radical Shi'ite uprising flew into  Najaf Tuesday, where U.S. troops and militia fought pitched  battles near the country's holiest Islamic sites."
"Russia hopes to repay early \$10 billion or more in debts to the Paris Club of sovereign lenders and the IMF next year, a Finance Ministry source told Reuters on Monday."
"UPDATE: Oracle #39;s (Quote, Chart) dogged pursuit of PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart) was rewarded on Monday as PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors agreed to sell the company for \$10.3 billion."
Canadian aluminum producing giant Alcan Inc. said Friday that it is in exclusive talks to sell the company #39;s stake in Aluminium de Grece SA to metals company Mytilineos Holdings SA of Greece.
AP - A judge on Wednesday reduced the time former President Rafael Angel Calderon must spend in jail while being investigated on corruption charges.
"Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog\arrived in Seoul on Sunday to conduct a second inspection of\South Korea's nuclear experiments, a day after the South said\it had no plans to develop or possess nuclear weapons."
Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez couldn #39;t bring the Boston Red Sox a win against the New York Yankees in the first two games of the AL championship series.
Everyone surrounding the Nationals returned Wednesday to a question that has haunted the team since its days in Montreal: What do we do now?
Apple introduces an iPod capable of storing and displaying photos in an effort to stay ahead in the market for digital music players.
American International Group said a federal grand jury is investigating products it sold that companies might have used to massage earnings.
"The squat little mainstay of the airline industry will become a fierce weapon for the Navy. The plane's new mission: to patrol the seas for submarines, then blow them to smithereens with bombs and missiles. Chris Genna reports from Seattle."
"Sander - who sold her fashion house to Prada four years ago, left four months later, then made a dramatic comeback in 2003 - has left the company again."
Donald J. Trump may have a new project for his apprentices -elping him try to figure out how to take his troubled casino company private after a proposed bailout fell through.
" MAPUTO (Reuters) - The Commonwealth and European Union have  asked Mozambique for access to centers where votes from this  week's election are being verified, after complaints by  monitors raised questions over the credibility of the ballot."
Downing Street has brushed aside reports that British Prime Minister Tony Blair has ordered a snap general election for February. The BBC reported Sunday a spokesman for Blair 
Virgin Mobile Holdings PLC reported an 18 percent surge in revenue but lower net profits for the half year Thursday as the costs of its listing on the London Stock Exchange this summer hurt the bottom line.
Samsung says a glut of semiconductors on the market will bring prices down and slow growth in 2005.
AP - Ryan Longwell's 41-yard field goal gave the Green Bay Packers an early lead over the Carolina Panthers on Monday night.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
Australian mobile telephone users may be able to buy and woo virtual dates this year after the release of a Virtual Girlfriend game for 3G mobile telephones.
"AP - Washington state's top polluter isn't a pulp mill, a power plant or refinery. It's the newly awakened Mount St. Helens. Since the volcano began erupting in early October, it has been pumping out 50 to 250 tons a day of sulfur dioxide, the lung-stinging gas that causes acid rain and contributes to haze."
"At last, a contest to savour more than a week into this tournament of mis-matches and bad weather - the West Indies demolished South Africa by five wickets in thrilling fashion here yesterday."
Detroit comes into tonight #39;s tilt on a winning note after Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead the Tigers to an 8-4 pasting of the Chicago White Sox. 
"Lamar Hunt announced on Thursday that he will sell the Kansas City Wizards, opening up the possibility that the club will leave the area for any number of opportunities throughout the United States or even Canada."
MOSCOW (CP) - Petro-Canada and Russia #39;s Gazprom have signed a tentative deal aimed at shipping liquefied natural gas to North American markets by 2009.
"An infertile couple who believed a self-styled preacher #39;s claim that their child was miraculously conceived were really the victim of international child traffickers, a British judge ruled yesterday."
"There might not be much love between Nets #39; captain Jason Kidd and his former coach, Byron Scott. But Kidd obviously wanted to make sure everybody on press row "
"Tiger Woods, who is due out at lunchtime in today #39;s first round of the WGC American Express Championship at Mount Juliet, says that his morning warm-up will determine whether he is fit enough to defend his title."
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Lawyer calls for urgent domain dispute reform
AP - Lycoming County officials and scientists are testing technology they hope will turn organic waste into profitable byproducts.
"Express version of BladeCenter chassis accommodates up to 14 dual-processor servers but costs under \$1,000 instead of about \$2,800."
"PC World - Its legal battles over, the software vendor will focus on sales until the market ripens."
"DARFUR, November 5 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - The Darfur talks in Abuja, Nigeria, were stalled Friday, November 5, over a security deal proposed by the African Union (AU), amid reports the situation in the western Sudanese region is heading "
A statement attributed to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s militant group declared allegiance to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden on Sunday.
Microsoft #39;s financial chief said this week that the software giant is more likely to make big acquisitions than it has been in the past.
Ukraine's opposition steps up its campaign to overturn the disputed presidential vote by launching a general strike.
"AFP - Eurostar operations were unaffected by a 24-hour strike over pay by members of the Rail Maritime and Transport (RMT) union, a company spokesman said."
"MADRID: Amnesty International applauded on Friday the decision by Chile #39;s Supreme Court to revoke the immunity from prosecution of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet, calling it  quot;a first step toward justice."
 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar traded near this week's  four-week lows against the euro and yen on Thursday ahead of  U.S. jobless claims and a key business survey that dealers  expect to provide further clues about the interest rate  outlook.
"within 25 seconds - to 2,500mph. For no more than five minutes they will float about, 80 miles above planet Earth. Lavatory and in-flight drinks?"
"It didn't take anything so drastic as driving a stake through Manny Ramirez's heart, but to the Texas Rangers, who brought an end to the Red Sox' 10-game winning streak here, it almost felt like that's what was needed to put the Sox in the loss column.  quot;Especially in Boston, quot; said Doug Brocail, the Rangers' 37-year-old reliever who has pulled ..."
"By JOHN ANTCZAK     LONG BEACH, Calif. (AP) -- It was billionaire Paul Allen's \$20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space..."
"ONE major Test win has enabled Australia to unearth a potent new weapon against India ... India. Or, more specifically, Indian fans and critics who get as angry about any loss as they get excited by any victory."
"New England is at once sleepless, breathless, and full of hope. David Ortiz and the Red Sox just beat the Yankees in two extra-inning playoff games on the same calendar day. This century-long Sox-Yankee show, featuring themes of revenge and redemption, moves back to New York tonight."
"If you take Isiah Thomas at his word and believe he #39;s not trading Allan Houston before the February deadline, then the Knicks have to hope that Houston-Jamal Crawford-Stephon Marbury isn #39;t the second coming of Houston-Latrell Sprewell-Glen Rice."
"Ukrainian prime minister Viktor Yanukovich held a slim lead in Ukraine s presidential race as of 10:00 Monday morning, with 41 percent compared to Viktor Yuschenkos 38 percent, according to partial results."
Russia #39;s approval of the Kyoto Protocol this month released the brakes for an agreement that has been under international negotiations since 1997.
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Labor problems will intrude on the Magic Kingdom in the next week, days ahead of Walt Disney Co. #39;s fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report."
Atlanta running back TJ Duckett set a team record with four rushing touchdowns to help the Falcons clinch their third division title in franchise history.
"Earthwind Moreland signed with the Patriots Aug. 5, but University of Massachusetts football fans may have heard of him before that. He was a starting cornerback for the Georgia Southern squad that entered the 1998 Division 1-AA national championship game undefeated and then lost to the Minutemen, 55-43."
AP - Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.
Reuters - Hurricane Frances gained strength and\became a major hurricane with 115 mph winds in the Atlantic on\Friday as it took a path that should carry it north of the\vulnerable northeastern Caribbean islands early next week.
"AFP - A struggling United States basketball team coming off two narrow escapes and a epic loss faces its toughest Olympic test yet Saturday against unbeaten Lithuania, which is playing like the team to beat for gold."
Reuters - Some people are born to be the life and\soul of the party -- and so it seems are some dolphins.
"Australian Gas Light Company has flagged the sale of its stake in New Zealand #39;s NGC Holdings, after the Australian energy retailer today reported an 18."
" TBILISI, Georgia (Reuters) - Georgian forces seized  strategic heights from separatist fighters in rebel South  Ossetia Thursday and President Mikhail Saakashvili promised  more such victories to fulfill a pledge to reunite his  fractious country."
Ousted PeopleSoft CEO will get a severance package of between \$10 million and \$20 million.
"ISLAMABAD, Sept 15: Opposition parties on Wednesday reacted strongly to the statement of Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed and termed it an announcement on behalf of the president "
"Description: NPR #39;s Linda Gradstein reports from the Israeli town of Sderot, a frequent target of Palestinian rocket fire from the nearby Gaza Strip."
"ISLAMABAD, Dec 14 (NNI): Prime Minister Mr. Shaukat Aziz Tuesday said his visit will China will go a long way to strengthen existing close ties between the two countries in all fields."
"FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots might have underestimated Adam Vinatieri's scoring range yesterday. During pregame planning, the Patriots decided not to attempt field goals if the line of scrimmage was outside the 30-yard line. But Vinatieri's 48-yard field goal in the third quarter of the Patriots' 24-3 victory over Baltimore cleared the crossbar by several yards, leaving the impression the Patriots ..."
" LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Friday on  worries that the ongoing storm season in the U.S. Gulf would  continue to hamper energy production and imports, delaying  vital pre-winter stock building."
"When Rusty Wallace competes in the final NASCAR race of his career at Homestead-Miami Speedway on Nov. 20, 2005, he will be 49 years old."
"This was no miracle, but you could not tell by the amount of elation surrounding the Dream Team #39;s trip to the woodshed Sunday. "
"Under a definitive agreement reached Thursday by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. and a consortium led by Sony Corporation of America, MGM will continue to operate as a private movie-making company "
Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein has revealed that two national teams tried to lure manager Arsene Wenger from Highbury last summer.
ATI today said that it will develop a new approach to use system memory rather than more dedicated memory on its graphics card. HyperMemory will use PCI Express 
"Reuters - The U.N. nuclear watchdog called on Iran\on Saturday to immediately halt activities related to uranium\enrichment, a process that can be used to make atomic weapons."
Karachi - Captain Inzamam ul-Haq and coach Bob Woolmer came under fire on Thursday for choosing to bat first on a tricky pitch after Pakistan #39;s humiliating defeat in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-final.
ST. LOUIS Rick Ankiel won his first game in three and a-half years with a four-inning relief stint marred only by an errant curveball that beaned a batter and St.
Roy Oswalt was one worry the Houston Astros hadn #39;t counted on against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NL championship series. The league #39;s only 20-game winner.
"ATHENS (PL). Unexpectedly, but justly so, shot putter Yumisleidi Cumb has become the first gold medalist for Cuba at the 28th Olympic Games in Athens after Russian Irina Korzhanenko tested positive for drugs."
"Months away from the time of the season when it is considered admirable to give and not receive, we are locked into a pattern of generosity. Mostly because the teams that are getting the points just aren't worth supporting. Of course, giving points is always a risky proposition early in the season as you try to assess teams; consider last ..."
"Weeping family members crowded outside a Thai military camp Wednesday, demanding information about 78 Muslim men who were crushed to death Monday after being arrested and forced onto army trucks."
"Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade his star guard in January, according to a diary by the former Lakers coach."
"Delphi #39;s global production volumes and commodity price increases are expected to translate to Q4 revenue of \$6.9-\$7 billion, about \$200 million below the company #39;s previously stated expectations."
"Montgomery, Ala.-based Colonial BancGroup (NYSE: CNB) said it has agreed to buy Sunrise-based Union Bank of Florida for a total of about \$233 million."
" NAIROBI (Reuters) - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto  Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for  the environment pact to come into force in February 2005."
A federal trial began today in Atlanta over evolution disclaimers in Cobb County schools. A group of parents backed by the ACLU argue that the disclaimers in science biology textbooks are a government endorsement of religion.
"As opposition protests entered a third day, Prime Minister Viktor F. Yanukovich was declared the winner."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Colgate-Palmolive Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  warned that second-half earnings will fall well short of Wall  Street forecasts due to higher marketing spending."
"Garabito writes  quot;Cnet reports that Microsoft plans to distribute in Russia the low-cost, stripped-down version of Windows XP, called  #39;Starter Edition."
"WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- CIT Group (CIT) achieved 25 percent growth in net earnings for the third quarter, reporting \$183.9 million, or 86 cents per share, up from \$147."
"CAMARILLO, Calif. Nov 7, 2004 - An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in US prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday."
The Atlanta Motor Speedway will pay tribute this weekend to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
"Qyntel Woods, No. 24, has been suspended without pay by the Portland Trail Blazers while investigators look into allegations of animal cruelty."
BEIJING - China yesterday slammed Taiwanese Premier Yu Shyi-kun for threatening to fire missiles at Shanghai in the event of an attack by the mainland.
"Australia #39;s jobless rate is at a quarter-century low, giving a further reward to Prime Minister John Howard following his recent election victory."
"Chip giant Intel and graphics processor vendor Nvidia said Friday they have inked a wide-ranging technology sharing pact that, among other things, will let Nvidia use Intel #39;s front-side bus technology."
"Los Angeles  Reuters News Service, 19 November 2004 - A generation of children grew up playing Nintendo #39;s Game Boy handheld video game system, and now that they have grown up, Nintendo has a new toy for them."
Australia are out to flex their muscles against part-timers USA at the Rose Bowl tomorrow and show the world they are serious about winning the ICC Champions Trophy for the first time.
"NEW YORK - Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) is expanding its presence in the Middle Eastern region, announcing Monday that it has opened a regional headquarters in the United Arab Emirates."
AP - Center Vernon Fiddler re-signed with the Nashville Predators on Thursday after playing most of last season with the team's AHL club.
"but investors haven #39;t been doing the same. Yesterday, shares of Jones fell approximately 3 following the announcement "
"PARIS When I first heard the word Bluetooth in 1998, the page-one editor of this newspaper asked for my studied opinion as to whether it was  quot;a big deal."
"Mike Fincke #39;s new baby is on the astronaut #39;s mind as he returns to Earth today, though she might not know it.  quot;I #39;m very concerned she doesn #39;t know who her father is, quot; Fincke told reporters "
"There's little doubt Mike Vrabel is the quintessential Patriot, but there's another team he loves and is loyal to -- his alma mater, Ohio State."
" SYDNEY (Reuters) - Buckling under investor pressure, Rupert  Murdoch's News Corp. Ltd. agreed on Thursday to stick to  Australia's tough corporate governance standards when it moves  its legal base to the United States."
"The United Nations Special Rapporteur on violence against women, Yakin Erturk, is visiting Sudan to examine the situation of women in the conflict-ridden African country."
"Having reminded Mancunians of what they are missing courtesy of a superlative goal at Old Trafford yesterday, David Beckham will sit out England #39;s World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan on Wednesday "
"Two Red Sox diehards, comedians Lenny Clarke and Denis Leary, stood in the shadow of the Green Monster Thursday night and reveled in the team's championship."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; faces a lawsuit  from angry investors who allege they were defrauded in a  ""massive scheme of deception"" when they bought securities tied  to the credit-worthiness of Enron Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt;."
"How Manchester United wish they could play in the Champions League week in and week out. After plundering fours goals against Sparta Prague in midweek, they came a cropper again in the Barclays Premiership."
The brother of British hostage Kenneth Bigley today said he had been encouraged by the release yesterday of the two Italian aid workers.
"When some distressed debt owned by Goldman Sachs finally flat-lined not long ago, the investment bank found itself in possession of some unusual collateral: 800,000 acres of undeveloped land in Tierra del Fuego."
"ST. ANDREWS, Scotland (Ticker) -- The world #39;s top golfers team up with famous faces from the worlds of film and sport on Thursday for the start of the 2004 Dunhill Links championship."
"&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Just as ATI's X800 XT PE ships, along comes the next board"
"That #39;s according to research outfit Gartner, which on Thursday said that second quarter global mobile phone shipments hit 156."
Reuters - Troops secured\buildings against looters and authorities imposed a\dusk-to-dawn curfew as the tiny Caribbean island of Grenada\struggled to recover on Friday from Hurricane Ivan's\devastating strike.
" UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China is threatening to veto a  revised U.S. draft resolution that would consider U.N.  sanctions against Sudan's oil industry if Khartoum does not  rein in marauding militia fighters in its Darfur region,  diplomats reported on Wednesday."
"ROME : Alitalia management and flight attendants reached agreement on a crucial deal early Saturday on job cuts that would allow the struggling airline to keep flying, union sources quoted by ANSA news agency said."
"General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. this week reported disappointing US sales for August, prompting the nation #39;s two largest automakers to cut planned vehicle production in the fourth quarter, which could hurt profits."
ONeill in denial over red cards as Rangers close the gap in title race. THERE was a first Old Firm Premierleague win in almost two years for Rangers at Ibrox yesterday; a 2-0 victory that ended a run of 
"Reuters - What are the words used by\indigenous peoples in the Arctic for ""hornet,"" ""robin,"" ""elk,""\""barn owl"" or ""salmon?"" If you don't know, you're not alone."
" BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The 19-inch Ryder  Cup is not the only thing coveted by holders Europe and the  United States at Oakland Hills this week."
"Reuters - Working with cheetahs, the world's\fastest land animal and now an endangered species, is a bit\different from treating cats and dogs, but Bertrand Lafrance\felt he had little choice."
It is a pity that violence during and after Chelseas 1-0 Carling Cup third-round victory over West Ham at Stamford Bridge overshadowed yet another outstanding performance from Joe Cole.
BIG BLUE has pre-briefed US journalists about an announcement it will make today which means its Blue Gene supercomputer will knock NEC #39;s Earth Simulator off the top performing slot.
"In one of the first enforcement actions of the Americans with Disabilities Act on the Internet, two major travel services have agreed to make sites more accessible to the blind and visually impaired."
The Iraqi interim government has complained that the United Nations did not send enough electoral workers to help the country prepare for national elections scheduled for January.
Former Mexican pop star Gloria Trevi is cleared of sex abuse charges on the grounds of insufficient evidence.
"ATHENS, Greece - The United States men's basketball team endured another brutal loss Saturday night. But because Angola is playing even worse than the Americans, the Dream Team is in the quarterfinals of the Athens Games..."
"Offering a simple, ""Thank you America,"" interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi addressed a joint meeting of Congress."
PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway wasted no time during his keynote address at the companys annual user conference reassuring customers that an Oracle takeover is not in its future.
"New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer on Friday filed suit against Universal Life Resources (ULR), charging the life and disability insurance broker with taking fraudulent kick-backs for steering business to certain insurers."
"Philip Morris USA will invest \$200 million in the next three years to upgrade its cigarette plant in Cabarrus County, Gov. Mike Easley announced Tuesday."
"Brian Curtis doesn #39;t think the LSU coach will be leaving Baton Rouge any time soon. By Brian Curtis. NEW YORK, NY -- As I first reported on CSTV #39;s Crystal Ball in early November and here on November 11th, LSU "
"A hydrogen fuel cell being tested since February at Dow Chemical Co. #39;s complex in Freeport has successfully generated electricity using hydrogen that is less than 100 percent pure, which is prompting an expanded test."
" TORONTO (Reuters) - Electronic publisher Thomson Corp.  &lt;TOC.TO&gt; said on Monday it will buy test provider Capstar from  Educational Testing Service, the latest in a string of  acquisitions designed to flesh out its product offerings."
"President Bush said on Thursday he\was ""right to take action"" in Iraq even though a new U.S.\report found that Baghdad had no stockpiles of weapons of mass\destruction and that its nuclear program had decayed."
"The interim prime minister of Iraq, Ayad Allawi, met here today with Sunni Arab leaders to try to persuade them to take part in the Iraqi elections planned for late next month."
"Yet another obscenity controversy. After winning for the fifth time at Talladega, Ala., Sunday, NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said in an interview that his victory  quot;don #39;t mean s- right now."
"AP - Asian financial markets showed little reaction Friday to China's first interest rate rise in nine years, which analysts welcomed as a shift toward capitalist-style economic tools and away from central planning."
"OXFORD, England Rich countries are ardent advocates for democracy all around the world. But when it comes to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, government of the many by the few is the preferred option."
" SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Yao Ming's Houston Rockets squeezed  past the Sacramento Kings on Thursday in the first NBA game to  be played in China, a country the fast-growing basketball  league deems a potential marketing mecca."
The database king extends its offer for PeopleSoft for the 10th time. Is there any profit left for investors?
"AP - Latrell Sprewell was suspended for one game by the NBA on Tuesday for yelling a sexual vulgarity at a female fan during a game, the latest episode of a player clashing with spectators."
"Nia Abdallah #39;s lack of international experience turned out to be her biggest asset in the Olympic taekwondo tournament.  quot;I don #39;t think anybody expected me to do anything here, quot; she said."
"AP - Top-seeded Mary Pierce was knocked out of the Bell Challenge in the quarterfinal round Friday, losing 6-4, 7-6 to Russia's Alina Jidkova."
"US shoppers showed a bit of cheer at the cash registers in November, boosting sales at the country #39;s retailers by 0.1 per cent."
"MacCentral - Apple on Friday posted details of its 15-inch PowerBook G4 Display Repair Extension Program, which offers a fix for certain Titanium and Aluminum 15-inch PowerBook G4's that show faint white spots on the screen. The worldwide program covers replacement of LCD panels that show the spots; Apple will also reimburse PowerBook owners who paid for eligible repairs. In order for your PowerBook to qualify, it must have a serial number ranging from V7334xxxxxx to V7345xxxxxx or QT331xxxxxx to QT339xxxxxx. Such machines were manufactured between July 2003 to November 2003. ..."
A senior Greek prosecutor has postponed announcing the results of a two-month investigation into disgraced Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou.
The deliberate private creation of cellphone dead zones is an act bound to infuriate phone users and the cellphone industry alike.
"OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s biggest oil exporter, will ask shareholders to consider declaring bankruptcy to protect assets from government demands for \$14 billion in back taxes, more than the company #39;s market value."
"Ramallah, West Bank - The Palestinian leadership held its first meeting Saturday since the departure of the ailing Yasser Arafat, putting on a show of unity to dispel concerns about possible chaos and infighting in his absence."
Philippine President Gloria Arroyo has called on the public to make personal sacrifices amid warnings of an impending economic crisis.
"Arctic peoples aim to team up with tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming, arguing that polar bears and palm-fringed beaches stand to suffer most."
It wants to be allowed to operate dozens of centrifuges  quot;for research purposes quot; -- an activity banned under a uranium enrichment freeze Iran just agreed to.
In the SINGAPORE story headlined  quot;Oil hits new high on Iraq violence quot; please read in the 13th paragraph .... as its imports in the first seven ...
"The doors are spinning again for the Mets and it is troubling to the veteran pitcher Tom Glavine, who has not had much to feel good about since signing with the team."
Hollywood film studios file their first wave of lawsuits against people in the US who trade pirated films online.
Open-source software and off-the-shelf hardware make strong showing among the best of the biggest.
"Canadian Press - MISSISSAUGA, Ont. (CP) - The Ontario government finally made good Friday on its long-awaited promise to start siphoning millions in gas-tax revenue to municipalities desperate to fix crumbling infrastructure and underfunded transit systems."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. government agency that  insures corporate pensions will run out of money in 2020 if  current financial conditions persist, imperiling the checks of  millions of retirees, a new independent study shows."
"The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled on August 19th that Grokster and StreamCast could not be held responsible for copyright infringement, because they exercised no control over the "
Security firms are warning about a virus that tries to cash in on interest in David Beckham.
"Backpedaling from a recent expansion, Charles Schwab Corp. is selling an institutional investment and research division to Swiss banking giant UBS AG for \$265 million, another step in the struggling stock brokerage #39;s push to regain its Main Street appeal."
Reuters - The European Union and its  allies got\the go-ahead on Tuesday to impose some  #36;150 million in\sanctions on U.S. goods in a dispute that could stir trade\tensions ahead of the U.S. elections.
NEW YORK - By year #39;s end a five-year-old company called PortalPlayer will begin selling its shares to the public. What #39;s notable is that this company owes its success--even its existence--to the popularity of Apple Computer #39;s iPod.
TORONTO (CP) - Early indicators were mostly negative Monday for North American stock markets as crude oil prices rose and investors braced for another US interest rate increase.
"The Wall Street rumor mill is working overtime, spinning off speculation about how soon a decision will be announced in the US government lawsuit aimed at blocking Oracle #39;s (ORCL:Nasdaq - news - research) proposed takeover of PeopleSoft (PSFT:Nasdaq "
"KABUL - Only two days after his inauguration, President Hamid Karzai is already trying to get the message out -- Afghanistan needs to stem its booming drugs trade if the country is going to move forward."
"US Dollar ended transactions in Cuba on Monday under an order by the authorities. From Monday dollar transactions in stores, hotels, restaurants and other business, which have "
"HONG KONG : Brewing giant SABMiller has said that China Resources Breweries Ltd., a joint venture in which it has a 49-percent stake, has bought the Chinese brewing interests of Australian brewer Lion Nathan for 154 million dollars."
LOS ANGELES An audit has concluded that a public relations firm overbilled the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power by more than four (m) million dollars.
"With a 9:15 p.m. curfew imposed because of Hurricane Jeanne, Tampa Bay beat Toronto with 39 minutes to spare. Hoping to beat the storm, the Blue Jays were scheduled to leave Florida on a charter flight immediately after the loss. Today's series finale was canceled because of the hurricane, which was expected to hit Florida's east coast late yesterday or ..."
"A federal judge has temporarily frozen more than \$500 million in assets owned by thousands of doctors and dentists who bought abusive tax shelters run by a San Diego investment company, the Justice Department announced yesterday."
"After 18 months of a deadly civil war in Sudan, rebel leaders and government officials are sitting down together to talk about peace."
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) reinforced its security forces in Afghanistan Friday as part of international efforts to safeguard the presidential election on October 9.
Geoff Simmonds is in charge of managing all the spare parts at the races. Its a key role  heres an explanation of what it involves
"Brees #39; strong first-half performance this season has pleasantly impacted the Chargers #39; present in a surprising way, but it hasn #39;t changed anything about their long-term future at the quarterback position."
"Venture capital investing declined during the quarter ended Sept. 30, nationally and in Florida. But industry experts say the drop doesn #39;t necessarily reflect an alarming trend."
"MANILA (DPA): The Asian Development Bank (ADB) said on Monday it would help improve air quality in Indonesia through a US\$700,000 technical assistance grant."
Now the credit-card companies are trying to tack on billions in charges to each other. American Express Co. wants rivals Visa USA Inc.
" BOUAKE, Ivory Coast (Reuters) - South African President  Thabo Mbeki took his peace mission to Ivory Coast's rebel town  of Bouake on Sunday, where he was greeted by tens of thousands  of people demanding President Laurent Gbagbo quit."
"""It's like they wanted to help us, which is weird,"" says one security expert of the latest bizarre twist in the worm's development."
The fact that Tomjanovich took no flight before the contest and actually was in Staples Center may have been lost on the Laker coach.
" PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - The ""Myst"" series has always  been for people who don't typically play computer games.  Instead of providing pulse-pounding action, it has taken  players to exotic worlds, given them lots of time to explore,  and required them to solve challenging puzzles to move through  the adventure."
"Reuters - The world is consuming some 20 percent\more natural resources a year than the planet can produce,\conservationist group WWF warned on Thursday."
Tuesday #39;s vote in the Israeli Knesset in favor of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan for unilateral withdrawal of settlers and soldiers from Gaza was a historic moment in the history of Israel.
PORTSMOUTH - Five former or current city residents are among the individuals the Internal Revenue Service is looking for because their income tax refund checks could not be delivered.
"FERRARI was set to snub key talks at Heathrow today aimed at revolutionising grand prix racing. The other nine teams, led by Melbourne millionaire Minardi team owner Paul Stoddart, were intending to gang up "
"WASHINGTON - Brokerage regulators permanently barred Frank Quattrone from working in the securities industry in any capacity on Monday, saying he displayed  quot;egregious quot; conduct by refusing to testify in an agency investigation into his role in possible "
AP - Sen. Arlen Specter is working the phones and embarking on a media blitz in an attempt to cement his standing as future chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee in the face of demands from conservatives that he be passed over.
"Virgin Group Ltd., owned by billionaire entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, said it formed a company called Virgin Galactic to offer commercial space flights starting in 2007."
"AP - J. Cofer Black, the State Department official in charge of counterterrorism, is leaving government in the next few weeks."
"Because of the open nature of the Internet, there seems to be no immediate prospects that technology or law enforcement can stem the flood of online fraud."
"AP - Desperate to know their loved ones' fates, grieving relatives scuffled with guards Friday at the scene of China's worst mining accident this year as rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with poison gas."
"Two car bombs detonated in Iraqi northern city of Mosul on Monday, killing one Iraqi person and wounding two others, security officials said."
"Research In Motion Ltd. added a record 317,000 new BlackBerry subscribers in its second quarter and saw revenue and profit skyrocket, but that wasn #39;t enough to keep some investors and analysts happy."
BEIJING : Thirty-three miners were confirmed dead and 61 others were missing after a fire at five iron ore mines in northern China.
Physical defense and a defiant attitude has fueled the Mystics' four-game winning streak and rise to playoff contention.
ROME Italy #39;s culture minister has threatened to shut down the Uffizi museum if the government does not scale back planned spending cuts. 
"Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest\has admitted that he regrets charging into the stands to fight\Detroit Pistons fans last Friday, sparking an ugly brawl that\led to his suspension for the rest of the season."
"Despite government claims, insecurity remains in western Sudan."
"In a possible softening of its strict non-deployment policy in Iraq, Germany #39;s defense minister said he could not rule out sending troops there in the future."
" SOTOGRANDE, Spain (Reuters) - Britain's Luke Donald, twice  a winner on this year's European Tour, can break into Europe's  top 10 for 2004 if he can triumph in the season-ending Volvo  Masters at Valderrama this week."
A satellite tracking project shows the ocean hotspots where albatrosses come into conflict with longline trawlers.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bankrupt airline US Airways will ask a  bankruptcy court judge to impose emergency pay cuts of 23  percent on its major unions, the New York Times reported late  on Thursday."
"Microsoft isn't the only company soaking up the gravy from this week's release of ""Halo 2"", the smash successor to the company's breakthrough shooting game for its Xbox console. Missing Links"
"Tony Blair is being urged to use all his negotiating powers to end poor countries #39; debt and double aid. Some 45m children will die needlessly before 2015 and aid budgets are half their 1960 levels, charity Oxfam says in a new report, Paying the Price."
Pentagon police said the Defense Department is testing a security blimp -- equipped with surveillance cameras. The white blimp has been spotted this morning over the Pentagon and the Capitol building.
"The Green Bay Packers dealt the Carolina Panthers a defeat now familiar to Super Bowl losers. Ahman Green ran up, down, and all over the "
"Beltran set a postseason record by homering for the fifth consecutive game, snapping a seventh-inning tie with a solo shot as the Houston Astros posted a 6-5 triumph over the St."
The Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday it filed settled fraud charges against San Francisco-based Van Wagoner Capital Management Inc.
Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon has played down suggestions that there could be further UK troop re-deployments in support of US operations in Iraq.
Reuters - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home\run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight\year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh\Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.
"Fiat threw down the gauntlet to General Motors on Monday when the Italian industrial group dismissed the political and legal efforts by the American carmaker to avoid buying Fiat Auto, its heavily lossmaking car division."
 KIEV (Reuters) - The liberal challenger in a closely fought  presidential election in Ukraine threatened on Friday to bring  his supporters onto the streets if the authorities tried to  deny him victory by cheating.
"Apache Corp., an oil and natural gas producer, increased its shareholder dividend by 33 percent after gains in energy prices and output boosted the company #39;s profits."
"AP - Palestinians retrieved belongings from the rubble of dozens of homes and work crews patched up roads and water pipes Saturday  #151; the aftermath of Israel's 17-day military offensive, the deadliest in the Gaza Strip in four years of fighting."
"ANCHORAGE, Alaska - Andrew Bogut scored a game-high 19 points as Utah defeated Furman 62-50 in the Great Alaska Shootout on Saturday."
FORMER Japan manager Philippe Troussier was in  quot;advanced talks quot; to become Olympique Marseilles new coach last night as the club president became the latest casualty of the clubs poor form.
"ABC apologized Tuesday for beginning this week #39;s Monday Night Football telecast with a tease sequence in which Nicolette Sheridan, star of ABC #39;s top-rated domestic drama, attempted to seduce "
"Nextel Communications Inc. is offering its first camera phone, the Motorola i860, which boasts a large color screen, measuring 2.2 inches and 262,000 colors."
Thousands of angry pro-hunting protesters are to stage a rally at the Labour Party conference in Brighton.
"Toshiba has hammered another nail in the Blu-Ray coffin, by announcing a dual layer HD-DVD and DVD disc. This means that studios will be able to sell discs that have the DVD version on one side and the HD-DVD "
Think you #39;ve got rhythm? Test out your skill with TAIKO: Drum Master a new game for the whole family! Attach the miniature Japanese drum controller to your PS2 and you #39;re ready to drum to the music.
The Time Warner Inc. chairman and CEO and his legal eagles are said to be close to a deal with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department that would settle the dual 
"Reuters - Belgium's Interbrew, which acquired\AmBev to create the world's biggest brewer, reiterated on\Thursday its higher volume and profit targets for 2004 as\demand began to recover from a weak summer."
"Thursday, October 21: Israeli troops killed two Palestinian gunmen on Thursday while a soldier died in a militant attack on the territory #39;s border with Egypt, the army said."
"WINDOWS XP Service Pack 2 is all about security; don #39;t let anybody convince you otherwise. This is no midway step to Longhorn, Microsoft #39;s next-generation operating system that is more than three years away "
" WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani jet fighters and  helicopter gunships launched air strikes on the South  Waziristan tribal area bordering Afghanistan, killing dozens of  people on Thursday, a witness said."
"Memory was little help to Munich, Germanys Infineon Technologies AG in its now closed fiscal Q4. The company reported Q4 revenues of \$2."
"washingtonpost.com - New laws aimed at prosecuting big-time Internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of ""state team sport"" will become effective today in Maryland."
"The flash memory maker does fine in camera, but doesn't deliver for investors."
"AP - Al Leiter pitched two-hit ball for six innings to earn his first win in six weeks, and the New York Mets put another dent in Chicago's playoff hopes Sunday with a 3-2 victory over the Cubs."
The Kiwis lead the Kangaroos 12-8 at halftime in their tri-series test at Loftus Road in London. Brent Webb opened the scoring with a try for the Kiwis but Australia came back with a converted try to Luke Rooney.
"Karam Abu Najib (center, 14) and friends brandishing some of the exploded bottles used in their deadly game with the Israeli military."
"Financial news and information provider Reuters Group PLC plans to make Bangalore its biggest worldwide employment center in order to become more competitive, executives said Thursday."
Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. on Monday reported third-quarter profit rose 30 percent as sales increased at its PacSun and demo apparel chains.
Two of the highest ranking executives of Marsh   McLennan's insurance brokerage business and the company's general counsel were forced out.
" You just know that somewhere on this planet, at about 11:30 Saturday night, a bunch of stressed-out people losing their grip on reality began a four-day group-therapy retreat at some sanitarium."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Genta Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GNTA.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GNTA.O&lt;/A&gt; soared  nearly 50 percent on Monday after the biotechnology company  presented promising data on an experimental treatment for blood  cancers."
"Games company Valve yesterday announced that it had won a court order prohibiting publisher Vivendi Universal Games from distributing Valves games, which include the Half-Life series, through cyber cafs."
"PIXAR Animation Studios, the group behind the cartoon movie Finding Nemo and a slew of other hits, says it might reap millions more in profits by switching the release date for its films to the summer."
"Miss Peru, Maria Julia Mantilla Garcia, was crowned Miss World 2004 at a glittering event held in China. Miss Dominican Republic Claudia Julissa Cruz Rodriguez was the first runner-up, and Miss USA Nancy Randall was third."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices closed higher on Friday,  clawing back some of its heavy losses from earlier in the week,  helped partly by news of strong employment data from  Washington, but ended the week still under \$50 a barrel."
An  quot;air-breathing quot; test plane will attempt to break a world speed record for the second time in a year by flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound.
The network service provider is spending \$34 million on the dial-up Internet access business.
"Taiwan Premier Yu Shyi-kun accused arch-foe China of sending surveillance ships into Taiwan and Japanese waters to prepare for a possible confrontation with the United States, newspapers said today."
"No tickets matched all six numbers in the latest WinFall drawing, raising the jackpot for Saturday #39;s game to \$2.9 million. Saturday #39;s \$2."
"Air traffic is seen increasing steadily worldwide in 2004, the International Air Transport Association said Wednesday. Passenger traffic for 2004 is expected to increase by 11 percent from a year ago, the "
"Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection."
"A recent soft spot in US growth will likely prove temporary and should not alter a Federal Reserve plan to gradually raise interest rates, Atlanta Fed Bank President Jack Guynn said on Wednesday."
"A proposed standard to enable integration, automation and better management of data center components this week will begin development under the direction of a new standards "
"AP - Jerry Rice believes he could be traded by the Oakland Raiders before the Oct. 19 deadline. Rice, who turns 42 Wednesday, told Sacramento radio station KHTK on Tuesday that his days with Oakland may be numbered, and that he wants to play for a team that will better utilize his talents."
"In a surprise reversal, the Chilean army on Friday for the first time assumed institutional responsibility for widespread human rights violations during the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet."
AP - Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Kip Wells will skip his second straight start after tests Friday indicated rest would help his injured elbow.
"Gerry Adams, leader of the Irish Republican Army #39;s (IRA) political ally Sinn Fein, signaled on Sunday that the guerrilla group was ready to give up its arms, but only if a new Northern Ireland peace deal can be struck."
"A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 16, 2004 - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton Thursday from a house in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood where many foreign companies are based, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said."
"Wide adoption of the latest Explorer patch may be hindered because it requires more effort than the typical Windows update.  quot;This one #39;s going to take a little more effort, quot; said Ken Dunham of iDefense."
World oil prices climbed on Monday as companies operating in the US Gulf of Mexico braced for output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
"Bag it. The Blue Jays and Orioles got rained out on Tuesday night, bowing to nature #39;s demands. The game will be made up on Wednesday as part of a doubleheader, starting at 3:05 pm ET."
"McDonald's takes out ads in the UK to say a film about its food is ""slick"" and ""well-made"" - but unrealistic."
" ORACLE CORP. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;:"
"GlovedFistJuno.com - He #39;s five inches taller, has an eight inch advantage in reach, and out weighs his opponent by at least sixty pounds."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM on Wednesday said it will  take a third-quarter charge of \$320 million to settle all but  two claims of an ongoing lawsuit claiming its pension plan  discriminated against older workers, in exchange for capping  its potential liability at \$1.4 billion."
"Reuters - A suicide truck bomb attack on an Iraqi\security checkpoint near an entrance to the fortified Green\Zone complex on Tuesday killed at least six people and wounded\at least 40, police said."
"Swiss Life, Switzerland's largest insurer, sells its UK life assurance business for 205m."
"In an attempt to prove it can still influence the global oil market, OPEC boosted its production target by 1 million barrels a day and began lobbying oil producers that aren #39;t part of the cartel to follow suit."
"An extra 1.3 million Americans slid into poverty in 2003 while health care cover also fell, official figures show."
U.S. senators are debating a controversial measure to exempt foreign student graduates from the cap on H-1B visas.
"AP - On the eve of taking office, the most watched new arrival in the nation's capital says it's way too early to talk about his place in history."
 LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose sharply again on  Thursday after Russian oil giant YUKOS said a Moscow court's  decision to effectively freeze its bank accounts threatened its  ability to continue production.
Reuters - Former Blue Jays pitcher and television\commentator John Cerutti was found dead in a Toronto hotel room\on Sunday. He was 44.
"PITTSBURGH, Sept. 7 -- Dave Williams pitched 6 1/3 shutout innings for his first victory in nearly three seasons and Jason Bay homered, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Milwaukee Brewers, 2-0, on Tuesday night."
"The leaders of India and Pakistan have revitalised a flagging peace process, analysts say, a day after the two met in New York for their first face-to-face talks."
"A five-wicket haul by Indian paceman Irfan Pathan sent Bangladesh crashing to 184 against India in the first innings of first test when bad light forced an early close of the first day #39;s play due to insufficient light, reports BSS."
"Family matters made public: As eager cousins wait for a slice of the \$15 billion cake that is the Pritzker Empire, Circuit Court Judge David Donnersberger has ruled that the case will be conducted in open court."
"The mutilated body of a woman of about sixty years, which was discovered in Iraq in the middle of November, is not that of kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan, the UK Foreign Affairs Ministry announced."
Bryan Robson is returning to West Bromwich Albion after a 23-year absence. Robson left West Brom in 1981 as one of England #39;s top players to join Manchester United.
"U.S. and Iraqi security forces scoured Fallujah for remaining insurgent fighters and pounded the city's southernmost neighborhoods  with heavy artillery and bombs late Sunday night, as military commanders declared victory seven days after launching their largest  operation since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in March 2003."
American forces with their Iraqi allies penetrated the northern city of Samarrah for the first time in a month yesterday in an attempt to recapture territory that has slipped out of coalition control in recent weeks.
"AP - An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.4 shook Manila on Friday night, swaying high rises, knocking out power over a wide area and sending frightened residents into the streets. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage."
"AP - Playing their fifth game in eight days, 11th-ranked North Carolina got 23 points from Jawad Williams and another 17 from Sean May to beat Southern California 97-65 Sunday night."
Here #39;s one way to jumpstart WiMAX deployment: make a  quot;significant investment quot; in a wireless broadband company that promises to use your technology and products.
"Nokia Corp. reported a 20 percent decline in net profit for the third quarter on Thursday, due largely to cuts it made in the prices for its mobile phones. The Finnish handset manufacturer predicted that earnings would fall again in the fourth quarter."
"Google SMS is a new service that enables you to search for certain kinds of information with Google from a mobile phone or handheld device (such as an iPAQ 6315), and returns your search results as text messages."
"In recent months, Intel delayed several chips and recalled other, defective ones. It overestimated demand, thereby causing an inventory glut."
Chancellor Gordon Brown today set out his vision of a family friendly welfare state as he put extra help for working parents at the heart of his annual Pre-Budget Report.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dean Foods Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DF.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  U.S. dairy company, on Friday said it expects to take \$10.2  million of charges as it exits the nutritional beverage  business and closes a Michigan plant."
Three men who admitted violating South Africas anti-mercenary laws for their role in an failed coup in Equatorial Guinea were ordered to pay fines or go to prison today.
"Evidence from busy rovers suggests one-time presence of water, but system reboots almost dried up the sea of data."
"The Renault F1 Teams Spanish driver may only be starting eighth, but he is bullish about his chances in tomorrows Brazilian Grand Prix."
"IRVING, Texas -- Drew Henson lasted just two quarters as the starting quarterback of the Dallas Cowboys. Three weeks later, he #39;s not even their top backup."
"Youth ministers Mike Foster, left, and Craig Gross say they don #39;t want teens to get sucked into the world of online porm. (ABCNEWS."
NBA players charge into the stands and punch fans. College football players get into a brawl and one kicks another in the head as he #39;s lying facedown on the ground.
"His game hasnt tapered off at all coming off his MVP performance in the NBA Finals. After three games, he averaged 20 points, 7 assists and 6 rebounds and was leading "
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - Guerrillas bombed a Baghdad shopping street full of police recruits and fired on a police van north of the capital Tuesday in attacks that killed at least 59 people and struck at the heart of the U.S. strategy for fighting Iraq's escalating insurgency..."
"Navy beat Army by two years yesterday, tying the rivalry at an almost-poetic 49-49-7. For while the Midshipmen hired their reparative coach fully three Decembers ago, the "
"If it can keep integrating buys and grow profits, this looks like a company worth holding."
"AP - Drew Stanton passed for 308 yards and ran for 102 more, setting a school record for total offense, to lead Michigan State to a 51-17 victory over No. 19 Minnesota on Saturday."
"Sony is continuing development of its Memory Stick format, with a new high-speed variety due out this fall. Backward compatible with existing devices, it will be recognizable by a red and white color scheme."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Sunday introduced the long-awaited next version of its  operating system, Solaris 10, which the network computer maker  is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained  profitability."
"Oakland Athletics #39; Bobby Crosby raises a fist and circles the bases after hitting a game-winning home run off Seattle Mariners #39; pitcher Scott Atchison in the ninth inning of their game in Oakland, Calif."
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Global semiconductor sales are expected to be flat in 2005, below previous forecasts, and growth won #39;t reach double digits again until 2007, a trade group said late Wednesday."
AP - Alonzo Mourning played for the New Jersey Nets on Thursday night for first time since a kidney transplant in December.
Floodwaters in Haiti are starting to recede as aid agencies struggle to bring relief to thousands of people in the wake of tropical storm Jeanne.
" TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran has hanged three drug smugglers in  a public square in the southern province of Kerman, the  Jomhuri-ye Eslami newspaper reported on Saturday."
"MADRID, Aug 19 (Reuters) - England striker Michael Owen was given a warm welcome by his new Real Madrid team mates and waiting fans on Thursday when he took part in his first training session since joining the club last week. "
PC World - Alternative power source for notebook PCs won't be available next year.
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices hit record highs on  Thursday, fueling gains in some energy stocks, but fears that  high power costs will dent household incomes, raise firms'  expenses and hurt global growth weighed on Asian share markets."
"At least 27 people are reported to have died of malaria in Alindra, India and 293 are seriously ill with the disease which broke out after the heavy rains and floods."
"For a brief moment Monday night, the celebration for Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire stopped following his team #39;s division-clinching 8-2 victory over the White Sox and 21,991 at US Cellular Field."
"Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$18 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.640 percent, up from 1.635 percent last week. An additional \$16 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 1.840 percent, down from 1.860 percent."
Craig A. Conway said that he did not lie in 2003 but had simply not been clear when he suggested that all pending software orders had been completed.
Applebee #39;s International Inc. shares fell more than 4 percent Wednesday after the restaurant company reported weak August sales and said it expects the Olympics will hurt sales for the first week of September.
Want tiny? Here's an eyepiece TV. Want big? There's a wall-size display. All video devices great and small hit the floor at CEATEC.
"Company is set to sell desktops on CompUSA's shelves, providing more competition for HP."
"This week, Sir Richard Branson announced his new company, Virgin Galactic, has the rights to the first commercial flights into space."
" OAKLAND, Calif. (Reuters) - Bartolo Colon pitched seven  shutout innings and Alfredo Amezaga hit a grand slam home run  as the Anaheim Angels trounced the Oakland Athletics 10-0 in  their American League West showdown series opener Friday."
"It #39;s not exactly an earth-shaking development but I expect that Wired News #39; very public announcement that it would no longer capitalize  quot;Internet, quot;  quot;Web quot; or  quot;Net quot; will provoke some discussion and debate in online publishing circles. "
Eastman Kodak Company and IBM will work together to develop and manufacture image sensors used in such consumer products as digital still cameras and camera phones.
Ex-soldiers who ousted Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in a deadly revolt said reinforcements are advancing on the capital to halt violence that has killed at least 48 people - a move that threatens conflict with 
PC World's initial test results for this gaming chip are impressive.
"The iPod Photo which features a 65K color display and iPhoto synching ability, the 40GB model is available for US\$499 while the 60GB model sells for US\$599."
"Blaming the busy hurricane season, NASA has announced that it will delay the space shuttle #39;s return to space from March or April to a launch in May or July next year."
We #39;ve known about  quot;strained silicon quot; for a while--but now there #39;s a better way to do it. Straining silicon improves chip performance.
The UK government will store electronic records of people entering the UK in effort to tighten border control.
"The nation's retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a much hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize."
AFP - Democratic White House hopeful John Kerry's campaign formally alleged that a group attacking his Vietnam war record had illegal ties to US President George W. Bush's reelection bid.
"NEW YORK - The New York Liberty needed a last-second shot in the decisive game of their first-round series against Detroit to earn a trip to the Eastern Conference final, and will try to advance to the WNBA Finals for an unprecedented fifth time."
"Four workers have been pulled out alive from a mine in north China, leaving 166 colleagues trapped and feared dead after a gas explosion, local officials said."
"Peoplesoft agrees a \$10.3bn takeover bid from rival business software firm Oracle, after an 18-month corporate battle."
"Clearly, this is not the Venus Williams of old, so perhaps Lindsay Davenport #39;s 7-5, 6-4 fourth-round victory over Williams yesterday in the US Open no longer merits a gold star as a special achievement."
Chelsea defender Wayne Bridge will be handed the chance to stake his claim as the long-term solution to England #39;s left-sided midfield conundrum.
"Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam (CLMV), four less-developed countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), on Sunday vowed tofurther their sub-regional "
Oil prices fell sharply yesterday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel and after gasoline futures fell sharply on indications of declining demand.
"Defeated in Parliament, supporters of fox hunting went to court Friday to try to overturn a legislative ban on their more than 300-year-old sport and vowed a campaign of civil disobedience "
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July  for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in  gasoline costs reversed, the government said on Tuesday in a  report suggesting the U.S. Federal Reserve can stick to a plan  of gradual interest-rate rises."
"Swiss-based miner Xstrata says it will take its A\$7.4 billion (3.1 billion pound) bid for Australia #39;s WMC Resources directly to the company #39;s shareholders, effectively making a hostile bid after WMC #39;s management rejected its offer "
"AP - Osama bin Laden, publicly injecting himself into the campaign four days ahead of presidential elections, said in a videotape aired Friday that the United States can avoid another Sept. 11 attack if it stops threatening the security of Muslims."
"LONDON - Fabless graphics chip company Nvidia Corp. has launched a graphics processor intended for mobile applications. The  #39;GoForce 3D 4500 #39; performs geometry processing, has a 40-bit color processing pipeline "
Film producer Aurelio De Laurentiis will buy financially troubled Napoli for 29.25 million (US\$35.3 million). De Laurentiis reached an agreement with an Italian court to buy the club 
Ryan Newmans record run snatched the pole while Jeff Gordon picked the worst time for a lackluster qualifying effort Friday at Martinsville Speedway.
"LIVERPOOL, England -- Steven Gerrard crashed home a stunning half-volley as four-times European champions Liverpool came back to beat Olympiakos Piraeus 3-1 on Wednesday and reach the Champions League knockout stage."
A US human rights group has filed a criminal complaint in Germany against US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld accusing him and other senior US officials of war crimes and torture at Baghdad #39;s Abu Ghraib prison.
TAP Pharmaceutical Products has agreed to pay \$150 million to consumers and private insurers to settle claims they overpaid for its drug Lupron because the company artificially inflated the price.
" LONDON (Reuters) - A rise in crude oil prices for a second  day, a stalled recovery in the dollar and a crop of warnings in  the chip sector were set to push Wall Street lower at  Thursday's opening."
"SiliconValley.com - It sounds like a 1999 dot-com spin on eBay: A new San Mateo start-up called Jigsaw says it is launching a platform where users can buy, sell and trade business cards."
"Indo-Caribbeans, who have not felt particularly embraced by Indians in Flushing and Elmhurst in Queens, have cobbled together their own community in Richmond Hill."
"Citigroup is to revamp its Japanese private banking unit, creating a local committee to oversee operations, the Wall Street Journal reported."
"Genevish writes  quot;According to an article in the Register, Microsoft and the Newham Council in London have signed an agreement making Microsoft the preferred vendor for the council, instead of the original hybrid MS / Open Source plan. The council was very ..."
NASA #39;s third X-43A hypersonic research mission has been scrubbed for today due to technical glitches with X-43A instrumentation.
"Indonesian Incumbent President Megawati Sukarnoputri believes she can win next week #39;s run-off vote. Most opinion polls, however, show former army general, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono "
"  F   atima     Gailani  is used to waiting. After living in exile for 24 years, working for her embattled country out of a suitcase, the 50-year-old Afghan has mastered the virtue of patience by never losing hope. Saturday's presidential election in Afghanistan is an important milestone along that journey, she explained, though she knows steep obstacles remain."
"AFP - Canada wants the International Monetary Fund to examine whether the Chinese yuan really is undervalued, giving it an unfair trade advantage, Trade Minister James Peterson said."
"India News: New Delhi, Nov 25 : The Supreme Court Thursday permitted the Uttar Pradesh government to allow visitors to view the Taj Mahal on five moonlit nights a month."
"NEW DELHI, SEPT 30: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Thursday countered the Union governments argument in the Supreme Court that the cricket board represents the state."
Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali El-Naimi has said that the \$10-15  quot;fear premium quot; that has been present in oil prices will disappear as the problems of  quot;supply quot; and  quot;geographic tension quot; diminish.
The Mozilla Foundation celebrated the worldwide release of Firefox 1.0 Tuesday as new Mydoom variants exploited yet another Internet Explorer vulnerability.
"  KABUL, Afghanistan, Dec. 14 -- A Turkish engineer and two Afghans were apparently kidnapped Tuesday in an area of eastern Afghanistan where bandits and insurgents from the Taliban and other Islamic extremist groups operate, officials said."
"WalkerInformation, a 65-year-old company that focuses on surveying customer brand loyalty, released its 2004 study of IT vendors this week, entitled, Customer Loyalty Management for Information Technology."
"Friends and former Liverpool players have paid tribute to Emlyn Hughes, who has died from a brain tumour aged 57. Former Reds captain and manager Graeme Souness told BBC Radio Five Live:  quot;He was an absolute legend."
"AP - A Peruvian-born, award-winning physicist was named the new director of Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, and he takes the helm at a critical time in energy research."
"ROME - Cat Stevens, the singer known for hits like Peace Train, has been honoured with a peace prize from former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of software maker Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; rose as much as 8 percent in early trading on  Wednesday, a day after the company posted strong quarterly  profit fueled by steady demand for its flagship database  products."
It often seems Ron Artest cannot help being at the center of a storm.
"NAGOYA, Japan (AP-CP) - World champion Shizuka Arakawa of Japan overcame a case of jitters and a new pair of skates Friday to win the women #39;s short program at the NHK Trophy figure skating competition."
"Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - One day after the Anaheim Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen without pay for the remainder of the season, the players #39; association filed a grievance to overturn the penalty on Monday."
"LOS ANGELES: McDonald #39;s Corp yesterday raised its annual dividend 38 per cent, a move the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalisation."
A five-company consortium has been awarded a 7 million three-year contract by the French Ministry of Defence to build a Linux-based multi-level secure operating system.
"JAKARTA - Backed by the Nationhood Coalition of political parties, a senior politician of Indonesia #39;s largest Golkar Party was elected speaker of the House of Representatives early Saturday."
"AP - Snow storms isolated New Zealand's fourth biggest city of Dunedin on Monday, closing major roads, shutting schools and factories, and freezing newborn lambs."
"Seattle-based F5 Networks Inc. said net profit in its fiscal fourth quarter was \$15.8 million, or 43 per diluted share, compared with \$1."
The Prince of Wales has travelled to Petra a day after nine British pilgrim tourists were killed in a coach crash near the ancient Jordanian city.
"Reuters - Online shoppers in the United\States spent  #36;23.2 billion during the holidays, excluding\travel, up 25 percent from the 2003 season, according to a new\survey from Goldman, Sachs   Co., Harris Interactive and"
"According to Microsoft #39;s Chief Executive, Steve Ballmer, Bill Gates is number one in the amount of spam a person gets. According to the Microsoft CEO, Gates gets over four million messages a day, most of which are junk."
"The Transportation Safety Board of Canada is sending a team to China, where a Canadian-built commuter plane crashed in an ice-covered lake in northern China on Sunday."
AP - Deron Williams scored 20 points to lead No. 5 Illinois to a 89-72 win over No. 24 Gonzaga on Saturday in the John Wooden Tradition at Conseco Fieldhouse.
"THE Ministry of Manpower has taken the unprecedented step of outsourcing its entire IT applications, hardware, software and services."
"LONDON - British newspapers rapped French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday for reopening old wounds over Iraq on the eve of an official visit to Britain, but looked ahead to improved relations between the two European powers."
AFP - Celtic crashed to their first ever Champions League defeat at Parkhead when they went down 3-1 to Spanish giants Barcelona in their Group F tie.
Grizzlies coach Hubie Brown cites health concerns and a loss of energy Friday as the reasons for announcing his retirement.
"The main pension fund of New York State filed a lawsuit against Merck   Company, accusing it of misleading shareholders about the safety of its pain drug Vioxx."
Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners broke Major League Baseball #39;s single-season hit record with singles in his first two at-bats in tonight #39;s 8-3 win over the Texas Rangers.
A Sun engineer chartered with directing the engineering effort to open source Solaris has published a new software license that could be used for the open-source release of Sun #39;s Unix operating system.
"A four-day general strike in Nigeria is expected to end shortly, with neither the unions nor government giving ground."
"NASCAR points leader Kurt Busch is all smiles as he walks back to his garage after winning the pole position on Friday at the Homestead Miami International Speedway in Homestead, Fla."
" PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Software maker Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it will let PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;  shareholders decide for themselves whether to accept Oracle's  \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid after learning that  PeopleSoft's board of directors will reject it."
A group of international researchers at Michigan State University has decoded the genome of the chicken and found that the main ingredient of McDonald #39;s (NYSE: MCD) Chicken McNuggets has a genetic 
Reuters - A new video game to be released on\Monday allows players to simulate the assassination of U.S.\President John F. Kennedy.
The Walt Disney Co. appears poised to end its current deal with Miramax Films founders Bob and Harvey Weinstein after an often rocky 10-year relationship.
"AP - Utah's Urban Meyer is leaving after the Fiesta Bowl, having already signed on to become Florida's coach. The question is whether Pitt coach Walt Harris might be going elsewhere, too."
"AP - Vaclav Prospal is returning to the Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning and will likely take the spot of forward Cory Stillman, who replaced him a year ago."
Kansas City secures the top seed in the Western Conference on Saturday with a 1-0 victory over Los Angeles.
"NEW YORK - It #39;s not lack of choice that is the problem when trying to choose a digital music player, it #39;s rather the opposite."
"An Israeli Arab who works as a producer for CNN was released Tuesday, a day after he was abducted at gunpoint from a van on a busy street of Gaza City, relatives and Palestinian police said."
"Reuters - Pakistan said on Sunday the time was ripe for progress in Kashmir, cause of two wars with neighbour India, and it hoped for quick agreement on starting a bus link between the two halves of the disputed territory."
"AP - Brett Favre's mother was hospitalized Thursday with stomach pains, interrupting her book tour."
"You can usually find information more easily on the vast Internet than you can on your own computer #39;s hard drive. The reason, of course, is that the search tools designed to index the Internet are much better developed than those for personal computers."
"Reuters - Second-quarter profit fell by\two-thirds at plane and train maker Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO)\as its regional aircraft business lagged a rebound in the\business jet market, the company said on Wednesday."
US researchers claim to have found evidence locating the lost kingdom of Atlantis off the coast of Cyprus.
"SYDNEY, (AFP) - Australian golfer Rod Pampling shot his second consecutive 67 around the notoriously difficult Australian Golf Club here to find himself well in charge after the second day of the centenary Australian Open."
"By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A prominent Internet safety organization and leading computer-maker Dell Inc. (DELL) launched a campaign Friday to help consumers fend off ""spyware,"" software that can cause sluggish computer performance or popup ads and secretly monitor the activities of Internet users..."
Let the bidding begin! A federal judge Thursday rejected a government attempt to block Oracle #39;s proposed takeover of rival PeopleSoft.
Network Rail flies in specialist Indian engineers to work on the West Coast Mainline because of a UK skills shortage.
Three House Financial Services subcommittee chairmen yesterday called on Fannie Mae to answer allegations  that the company failed to blow the whistle on a mortgage fraud scam and accepted \$6.5 million that it knew had been swindled from a government agency.
"At a United Nations General Assembly meeting on Wednesday, China National Space Administration chief Sun Laiyan urged peaceful use of outer space and closer international space co-operation."
"BAKU (Azerbaijan) - David Beckham is so popular in Azerbaijan that the country #39;s coach, Carlos Alberto, is slightly disappointed that the England skipper will be missing when their teams meet in their World Cup qualifying match here tomorrow."
Harare - President Robert Mugabe has described non-government organisations in Zimbabwe as imperialists working to destabilise the nation.
Italy insisted Friday the killing of an Italian journalist in Iraq by Islamic kidnappers would not shake its resolve to keep troops in Iraq.
"CARACAS, Venezuela - The opposition's long and bitter campaign to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez finally came down to a recall referendum Sunday, with the leftist leader hoping a huge turnout among the poor will keep him in power.    Officials from around the world - including Pope John Paul II and U.S..."
"Though the MRI of Bill Mueller's sore right knee showed no apparent damage, the Red Sox third baseman flew to Phoenix yesterday to be examined by Dr. David Zeman , who performed arthroscopic surgery on the knee May 28.  quot;The initial call was pretty good, but the guy's been inside the knee, quot; said manager Terry Francona , who started Kevin ..."
Departing Wales boss Mark Hughes has added his weight to the argument for appointing another Welshman to succeed him. The former Manchester United and Barcelona striker was unveiled 
ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing as the struggling carrier seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
MINING giant BHP Billiton has confirmed it held preliminary talks with the Government of India #39;s Orissa state and Korean steel maker Posco about options for its iron ore business on the sub-continent. 
"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the Web #39;s No. 1 search company. "
"US airlines have agreed to limit flights into Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport at peak periods to stem record delays that have slowed aviation nationwide, federal officials said on Wednesday."
"Swift #39;s new launch date is Saturday, if NASA, Boeing and the Air Force can replace and test components of the rocket in time. The gamma-ray observatory #39;s "
"Nokia and Vodafone, in conjunction with Sun Microsystems, would define the licensing framework of the initiative, while the role of creating and licensing the Technology Compatibility "
American rapper Eminem is to launch a satellite music radio channel called Shade 45 later this month. On 28 October Shade 45 will broadcast its first programme - a live concert from New York.
"ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Everybody came here to represent. The Cali Contingent of Boston College's basketball team -- junior Craig Smith of Los Angeles, Sean Marshall of Rialto, and Jared Dudley of San Diego -- had quite a bit of incentive in last night's 74-64 victory over UCLA in the Wooden Classic before a crowd of 14,027 at Arrowhead Pond."
Athens: An hour-long no-frills closing ceremony dedicated to the victims of this week #39;s school bus crash brought to an end the Paralympic Games in Athens yesterday.
"But fashion models turned as many heads as the tennis by replacing the traditional ball boys and girls on the main court. Costa, ranked 50th, claimed a 6-2 5-7 7-5 victory to advance to a second meeting with top-seeded Tim Henman."
Hungary's ruling Socialists choose a multi-millionaire to succeed Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy.
"Rubens Barrichello took advantage of a warm afternoon track in his native city to record the fastest time in practice Friday for the Brazilian Grand Prix, edging out Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher as the pair set the pace for "
"For only the second time in its history, Greece has been awarded a non-permanent seat in the UN Security Council after a vote in New York yesterday."
CHICAGO The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines wants the carrier to make up millions in skipped pension contributions before exiting bankruptcy.
Rockets center Yao Ming was held out of the team's final preseason game with Denver on Thursday due to a hyper-extended left elbow.
"Citigroup said yesterday that Sallie L. Krawcheck, the former equity analyst recruited to the bank to clean up its research department, would become its chief financial officer."
"Visitors line a sidewalk with chairs and cameras as they watch a small steam emission from Mount St. Helens, Wednesday, Oct. 13, 2004, at the Coldwater Ridge Visitors Center at Mount St."
"CHICAGO, Aug 17 (Reuters) - BJ #39;s Wholesale Club Inc. (BJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said credit card issuers want the retailer to reimburse them for up to \$16 million in fraudulent credit card charges and other costs stemming from a possible ..."
SYDNEY (DPA): Australia on Friday complained to Indonesia over Bali bomber Ali Imron being allowed out of jail to have a Starbucks coffee in a plush Jakarta shopping mall in the company of top police official Brig.
"AP - Dollar General Corp. said Wednesday that its third-quarter profits dropped nearly 9 percent amid high gas prices and reduced spending by its core, low-income customers. The discount retailer also lowered its forecast for the rest of the year."
"THIRD seed Rainer Schuettler and No.5 Paradorn Srichaphan advanced to the second round of the CA Trophy today. Schuettler, a finalist at this year #39;s Australian Open, seized the initiative early and broke the Austrian at 2-2, enough to win the first set."
"Microsoft has extended its partnership with Yahoo to deliver sponsored search results on its U.S. and international MSN sites, despite the software maker's recent declarations that it intends to be a major force in the search market."
"The federal agency that insures pension plans said that its deficit, already at the highest in its history, had doubled in its last fiscal year, to \$23.3 billion."
Forget the 10 miles that separates their two home arenas and the fan chatter heard within that short expanse. The Nets and Knicks rivalry is now based on a different type 
Shareholders in Santander Central Hispano on Thursday approved the euro13 billion (US\$16.4 billion) takeover of Abbey National of Britain.
" ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatians voted in a presidential  election on Sunday, and liberal incumbent Stjepan Mesic was  expected to win a second term and help take the former Yugoslav  republic into the European Union in 2009."
" HONG KONG (Reuters) - One-in-seven Asian Xbox video gamers  plays on the Internet just six months after the regional launch  of Microsoft's Xbox Live Internet software, a company executive  said on Wednesday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips ended lower on Monday  after a disappointing sales forecast from the world's biggest  retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, overshadowed a two-day  pullback in oil prices."
"It was a surreal and stomach-turning night for the Yankees against the Minnesota Twins on Thursday, and when it ended, it was also a successful night."
The Iraqi Red Crescent ambulance that was hit in the US airstrike in Fallujah. (AFP). At least 20 people were killed and dozens wounded when US warplanes struck Fallujah yesterday.
" quot;A professional adolescent, a die-hard reactionary, quot; is how Theo van Gogh (47) used to characterise himself. The Dutch film director and newspaper columnist who was "
"Microsoft today unveiled a technical preview of SQL Server 2005 Express Manager, a newly developed free database management tool and the second Community Technology Preview of the SQL Server 2005 database."
Amateur stargazers who stayed up late into the early hours today were rewarded with fleeting glimpses of a total eclipse of the moon.
Ricardo Powell lasted just ten balls yesterday at London #39;s Brit Oval and his name will not figure among the inning #39;s top scorers.
"Universal said HD DVD can deliver enhanced picture and sound quality, greater storage capacity and increased interactivity. An additional benefit is backwards compatibility, allowing existing "
Consumer Reports' effort to rate drugs offers a lesson to pharmaceutical companies.
DAVID HARDAKER: Celebrations have continued in Italy overnight following the homecoming of the two Italian aid workers who were taken hostage in Iraq three weeks ago.
"Boston information management giant Iron Mountain Inc. , a leader in the archiving and backup of business records, accelerated its push into the digital market yesterday with an agreement to buy Framingham's Connected Corp. for \$117 million in cash."
"President Vladimir Putin ordered a crackdown in southern Russia after a school siege killed at least 250, and warned Chechen sympathisers on Saturday they would be seen as ""accomplices of terrorism."""
"Michael Eisner plans to step down as Walt Disney Co. #39;s chief executive when his contract expires in September 2006, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday."
"Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. tumbled after two analysts issued downgrades, calling the stock overvalued. Sirius #39;s stock had nearly tripled in value since October, boosted by the company #39;s inking a "
"Fernando Morientes claims Liverpool have contacted him over a move from Real Madrid to Anfield. The Spaniard is frustrated with the lack of first team opportunities at the Bernabeu, and has been linked with a New Year move to Merseyside."
"Big Food Group Plc, the UK owner of the Iceland grocery chain, said second-quarter sales at stores open at least a year dropped 3.3 percent, the second consecutive decline, after competitors cut prices."
- The loss ended Miami #39;s six-game winning streak and prevented the Red and White from repeating as MAC Champions for the first time since 1973-75.
"AP - About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles crossed the Lebanese border into Syria early Thursday, Lebanese security officials said."
Automaker dumps Everest procurement system to revert to older technologies.
"JERUSALEM The arrival in the Middle East of Arun Gandhi, preaching his grandfather Mahatma Gandhi #39;s message of love, brotherhood and nonviolence to conflict-weary Israelis and Palestinians, has raised tentative hopes that the bloody conflict may be "
Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - RCMP are investigating whether convicted pedophile and killer Robert Bliss Arthurson committed sex crimes against three more young girls.
Bangladesh fought back to snare three wickets for 25 runs as New Zealand reached 133 for four at tea on the second day of the opening test yesterday.
"TOKYO -- The paper chase starts in the blackness of early morning, a cat-and-mouse game played on Tokyo's almost empty backstreets in the hours before businessmen shake off their hangovers and commuters emerge to flood the city."
"Reuters - The director of a documentary about\John Kerry's Vietnam service sued Sinclair Broadcast Group on\Thursday, accusing it of illegally copying his photographs in a\controversial anti-Kerry movie it plans to air portions of this\week."
MAJOR JAPANESE manufacturer Sharp said it has succeeded in developing a 65-inch Aquos colour high definition LCD TV. The unit includes a 6.22 million dot panel and Sharp is showing it off at the Ceatec show in Japan this week.
"SAN FRANCISCO, Calif.--Oracle, Dell, Intel, and EMC are joining forces on a project aimed at combining their core technologies and technical resources to develop an enterprise grid computing "
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices broke above \$55 a barrel on  Tuesday as concern lingered over thin world heating oil  supplies ahead of the northern winter.
"A summit of African leaders on the crisis in the Sudanese region of Darfur opened Sunday in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, the BBC reported."
" TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran on Sunday announced a further  substantial delay in the long overdue project to complete its  first nuclear power plant, part of a program which Washington  says could be used to make atomic arms."
"An hour or so after West Virginia dispatched Central Florida on a steamy Saturday night in Orlando, West Virginia football coach Rich Rodriguez #39;s thoughts turned to this weekend #39;s opponent, No."
"It was the biggest free-for-all in corporate lobbying in nearly 20 years, and its final product was a tax bill with giveaways for almost every business."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 15, 2004 - Security forces discovered three beheaded bodies Wednesday on a road north of Baghdad, and a car bomb exploded in a town south of the capital, killing two people amid a surge "
You can learn a lot about people in two hours. And you don #39;t have to take a course in social behavior or even watch Dr. Phil on TV.
"AP - Excavators discovered 20 gilded mummies in the Bahariya oasis in western Egypt, the government's council of antiquities said Tuesday."
"The Georgia Dome was a sea of orange Saturday night, thanks to the school pride being donned by fans of both Auburn and Tennessee."
"VIENNA, Austria Sept. 15, 2004 - Differences between the United States and Europe over how firmly to deal with Iran and its suspect nuclear program have resulted in the European Union pushing recommendations that ignore American suggestions."
"Culpepper threw a career-high five touchdown passes, two to Randy Moss, and led the Vikings to a 35-17 victory over the Cowboys on Sunday afternoon."
"Tens of thousands of web publishers are too small to show up on industry-standard traffic reports, so they can't attract advertisers. But I/Pro, a small traffic-auditing firm, says it can change all that. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg."
 quot;Better in Beijing? quot; NBC #39;s Bob Costas asked American swimmer Michael Phelps after the last of his astounding 17 races at Athens.
The controversy smoldering over the continuing inability of the Bowl Championship Series to set up an undisputed national title game couldn #39;t overshadow Sunday #39;s big news for South Florida.
"On Dec. 7, wine became an issue in the halls of the US Supreme Court. Oral arguments were heard in two cases that challenge bans on interstate, direct-to-consumer wine shipments in Michigan and New York, meaning "
A rare fossil from the age of the dinosaurs is shedding light on when the modern crocodile first evolved a skull strong enough to keep hold of its prey during the dismembering  #39;death roll #39;.
Colombia's President Alvaro Uribe tells the BBC his tough stance on the internal conflict is crucial and effective.
"PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) will pay \$750 million for General Mills Inc. #39;s (GIS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) 40.5 percent stake in their Snack Ventures Europe joint venture, the companies said on Monday."
A London-to-Washington flight is diverted after a security alert involving the singer formerly known as Cat Stevens.
"The District of Columbia government, which long has struggled against an image of inefficiency, has begun cleaning out its closets with one of the most up-to-date instruments of modern electronic commerce."
"He tied the course record at TPC at Summerlin with the best final round this year on the PGA tour, tying the best ever Sunday score in the Michelin Championship."
Racing supremo Bernie Ecclestone today described the withdrawal of Jaguar from Formula One as no surprise. The struggling team #39;s future was in doubt after fears that it had struggled to find the money needed to compete in the cash-driven sport.
"NASCAR lifted a decades-old ban on liquor ads on cars Wednesday, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits."
"IT WAS a good sign that those claiming to have kidnapped two Australians in Iraq had not released the names of their alleged hostages, Prime Minister John Howard said today."
Business at factories across New York state improved at an accelerated pace in the past month according to the Empire State Manufacturing Survey posted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Buffalo.
"IT IS tempting to say that Wales will be kicking themselves for weeks over this one, but in truth, it will be for years. Wales last beat their greatest rivals as long ago as 1953 when the great Bleddyn Williams "
RFID work done at an IBM chip factory becomes the basis for a new line of consulting services. By Laurie Sullivan. IBM is introducing a line of radio-frequency identification services for midmarket companies 
The Red Sox open a crucial seven-game West Coast road trip with an 8-to-3 victory over the Athletics in Oakland. David Ortiz hit a solo homer and had four RBI #39;s for Boston.
"Foreign Secretary Jack Straw revealed on Tuesday that British spy masters have formally withdrawn the claims that Iraqi troops had the capability of producing chemical and biological weapons on 45 minutes notice, the key justification used by the US and "
ISLAMABAD: Secretary General Common Wealth Don Mckinnon has said that President General Pervez Musharraf #39;s uniform issue could be resolved through Parliament.
" BAQUBA, Iraq (Reuters) - Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi  claimed responsibility on Sunday for the killing of nearly 50  unarmed Iraqi army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on  the country's fledgling security forces."
"Chinese people are expected to realise their dream of space tourism in 20 years with the country conducting research into the commercialisation of space technology, a senior space official has said."
The Liberal-National Party coalition government led by prime minister John Howard has been returned to office in Australia in an election result that once again underlines the collapse of support 
"BMW has reported a lower-than-expected 7.6 percent rise in third-quarter pretax profit, but has reaffirmed its forecast for record revenues, earnings and car sales in 2004."
"BANGKOK, Thailand Sept. 15, 2004 - Thailand, faced with a second outbreak of bird flu, said Wednesday its poultry would not be inoculated against the disease because vaccines offer no guarantee of safety."
Chicago-related items and experiences will be up for sale Dec. 2 to Dec. 16 on eBay as part of an effort to raise money for arts and cultural programs in the city.
"Russian President Vladimir Putin will not attend the closing ceremony of the Athens Olympics, as initially planned, but will visit a Russian monastery in the Mount Athos monk community in northern Greece a few days later instead, according to a report."
"A newly intercepted malicious Trojan has begun infecting mobile phones which run the Symbian operating system. Dubbed  quot;Skulls, quot; the Trojan has been detected on Symbian shareware download sites "
"The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient #39;s medical details to doctors, speeding care."
"Oil giant Yukos says it is halting two-thirds of its 150,000 barrel a day exports to China because of its financial troubles."
" DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will pay  \$92,349 in civil fines to settle air pollution violations at a  Michigan plant, Michigan Attorney General Mike Cox said on  Thursday."
Dan Orlovsky threw for 237 yards and Cornell Brockington ran for 187 yards and a score Thursday night to give Connecticut a 29-17 win over Pittsburgh.
"AFP - Myanmar army strongman General Than Shwe was due to meet Indian premier Manmohan Singh, leader of the world's biggest democracy, in New Delhi as the neighbouring nations sought stronger ties."
"Allied Waste Industries Inc. on Tuesday reported a mixed profit picture amid sluggish revenues. On the same day, its former chairman and chief executive officer severed ties to the company."
"NASA has delayed the third and final test flight of an unmanned, hypersonic aircraft attempting to fly at 10 times the speed of sound."
"PC World - Hard-drive video recorders support HDTV, while Blu-ray and HD-DVD wait in the wings. Plus: pricey headphones and cheap megapixels."
The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services on Tuesday by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
"Al Qaeda will attempt an attack on a key maritime target in the next 12 months with potentially devastating economic consequences, UK security experts said on Friday."
Mount Asama #39;s mid-sized eruption set off a loud blast and shook a nearby town. It also sprinkled small bits on ash on downtown Tokyo.
"( Columbia -- November 28, 2004) -- (AP) There #39;s new information that a rebel group in Colombia had planned to assassinatePresident Bush during his visit there last week."
"US-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai was nearing victory in Afghanistans presidential vote, election officials said, as the number of ballots counted passed the half way mark."
"The Bush administration on Thursday rejected a call from labor, textile and steel groups for an investigation into the value of China #39;s currency that could lead "
"Carrefour SA, the world #39;s second- largest retailer, said annual profit will not meet a forecast for growth of at least 10 percent because of price cuts aimed at reviving demand in France, its home market."
Japan #39;s Makoto Tamada won his home Grand Prix on Sunday as world champion Valentino Rossi of Italy claimed second place to take his new Yamaha team closer to its first championship in 12 years.
LONDON: Chelsea returned to form and extended their lead at the top of the English Premiership with an impressive 4-0 win at Charlton Athletic yesterday.
AP - The South American trade bloc Mercosur has made a new offer in a bid to advance stalled trade talks with the European Union and clinch a trans-Atlantic free trade deal by an October deadline.
"Twelfth-ranked Michigan, trailing 27-10 with a little less than nine minutes left in the game, stormed back to win in thrilling, edge-of-your-seat fashion, 45-37 in triple overtime Saturday at Michigan Stadium."
"AT amp;T Corp. said it would restructure its business, cutting 20 percent of its jobs and writing down the value of its network by \$11."
"A 121 million-year-old baby arboreal bird, fossilised while still curled in its egg, has been found in China, Science magazine reports this week."
Virginia #39;s ACC title hopes and chances of reaching its first Bowl Championship Series were Gore-d yesterday at Scott Stadium. Miami #39;s Frank Gore ran for 195 yards on 28 carries 
"NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is recalling some 553,000 power adapters used with the company's\ThinkPad laptop computers sold worldwide between January 1999 and August 2000."
"BEIJING (Reuters) - China #39;s communist leaders, in a fresh move to eradicate pornography, have targeted the telephone sex industry, ordering severe punishment for anyone offering the service, the official People #39;s Daily says. "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch: GOOGLE INC.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; Google shares jumped 18 percent in their long-awaited  stock market debut on Thursday after a scaled-down \$1.67  billion IPO marked by missteps and lackluster market  conditions. The stock closed at \$100.34.  "
"NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released Navision 4.0, a product that integrates financial, manufacturing, distribution, customer-management, supply chain, analytics and e-commerce data. The software is the first major release to come out of Microsoft's acquisition of Danish firm Navision in 2002."
Ghanaians went to the polls yesterday to elect a new President and members of Parliament with former President Jerry Rawlings accusing Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo of undue interference in the electoral process.
"It #39;s pretty rare that a first-ballot Hall of Famer, the third-leading goal-scorer in NHL history, gets benched. But the United States had opened the World Cup of "
"GENEVA - Tyler Hamilton will keep his Olympic cycling gold medal because a backup drug test was inconclusive, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday.    Hamilton tested positive for signs of blood doping in the initial sample Aug..."
"RAWALPINDI : President General Pervez Musharraf has called for identifying the regions, demilitarize them and change their status before a possible resolution of Kashmir issue."
"GENEVA : International air passenger traffic should record its strongest growth in 12 years in 2004, climbing by 11 percent for the year as a whole, the International Air Transport Association said Tuesday."
"It has been almost a month since Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s death and, as many had hoped, there are already some hopeful signs that his passing could lead to renewed peace initiatives between Israel and the Palestinians."
ANKARA - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan expressed belief on Saturday that Turkey #39;s contributions to world peace and stability would increase if it became a non-permanent member of the United Nations (UN) Security Council.
A key part of the New York's attorney general's suit against Marsh   McLennan is an e-mail exchange.
"On offense, two of the Jets #39; top three receivers - Wayne Chrebet and Santana Moss - had seemingly spent more time in the trainer #39;s room than they had on the practice field."
Pakistan #39;s Shoaib Malik could play in the first Test against Australia starting on Thursday as he waits for results of tests on his bowling action.
"MILAN, Italy - Bank of America Corp. said Friday it had filed for damages against former officials and auditors of collapsed dairy giant Parmalat at a preliminary hearing in Milan, as the bank attempts to avoid blame in the massive fraud scandal."
"Paramilitary police killed a suspected top Al Qaeda operative Sunday in a four-hour gun battle at a house in southern Pakistan. The raid also led to the arrest of two other men, the information minister said."
"London 2012 has revealed a glimpse of its ambitious plans for the next-but-one summer Olympics. The spectacular main stadium, designed by Spanish architect Alejandro Zaero-Pollo of the practice Foreign Office "
"Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Thursday that President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have failed to recognize a deteriorating situation in post-war Iraq and ""may well be the last two people on the planet who won't face the truth."""
"SAN FRANCISCO -- At the CTIA Wireless IT   Entertainment 2004 conference Monday, Mike Wehrs, Microsofts director of technology   standards for its Mobility Division, disclosed some details about Big Reds future mobile plans."
AFP - Indonesian prosecutors' bid to link a radical Muslim cleric to bomb attacks suffered another setback when a key witness withdrew a confession tying the militant to a regional extremist group.
"German airline Lufthansa posted a euro125 million (US\$155 million) net profit in the third quarter, more than making up losses from a year ago thanks to stronger demand for air travel, the company said Thursday."
"Anywhere Books sets up digital bookmobiles in developing countries like Uganda, Ghana and Macedonia. The souped-up vans can print and bind books on the spot, and children get the fresh-made publications for free. By Katie Dean."
"Just 15 months before the start of the games, the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics is quitting in a power struggle with the Italian government."
"THE PGA Championship was only James Nitties #39; fourth start as a professional, but the 22-year-old signalled he has a big future with his second place finish at Coolum yesterday."
"AFP - Australian premier John Howard's cabinet met for the first time since his reelection, with abortion expected to be high on the agenda although not among the laws due to be introduced this session."
"Israeli lawmakers approve first dismantling of Jewish settlements, but plan continues to face fierce resistance. By Ben Lynfield  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor."
"Reuters - The dollar rose to a three-week high\against the euro on Wednesday, boosted by a fall in the price\of oil, which should help narrow the U.S. trade deficit and\thus benefit the dollar."
The University of New Hampshire football team will have its hands full when it travels to Villanova today for a pivotal Atlantic 10 matchup.
Didier Drogba struck nine minutes from time to give Chelsea a 1-0 win at Middlesbrough on Saturday and prevent a third successive goalless Premier League draw for the Londoners.
"Irvine, California - Gateway reported a narrowed net loss in the first quarter on continued restructuring of its operations and the integration of newly acquired firm eMachines."
"Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket from the Alcantara base in northern Brazil on Saturday, October 23. The two-stage VSB-30 prototype flew for seven minutes at an altitude of about 100 kilometers above the earth."
"After Jason Giambi put on his gray No. 25 Yankees road jersey yesterday afternoon, he breathed a sigh of a relief. He was back in the majors."
"A consignment of US weapons-grade plutonium began a north-south road journey across France to be turned into fuel to make electricity by Areva SA, the world #39;s biggest maker of nuclear reactors, Greenpeace France said."
"Reuters - Japan has decided to deport former world\chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is wanted in the United\States for defying sanctions on Yugoslavia, an immigration\official said on Tuesday."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A transatlantic venture led by  Lockheed Martin Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;LMT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday won a \$3 billion  contract to design and develop the Medium Extended Air Defense  System (MEADS), which is slated to replace Patriot missiles in  the next decade, the venture said on Tuesday."
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc., hurt by sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers around the United States focusing on its price cuts."
"LONDON Unilever, the world #39;s largest maker of food and soap products, cut its profit forecast on Monday, sending its shares to their lowest level in four years."
Oil prices hit a one-month high of \$47 a barrel yesterday as traders worried that US petroleum inventories had drawn down heavily due to Hurricane Ivan.
"AP - Venezuela rejected criticism by a U.S. State Department spokesman of a proposed media law that government legislators are trying to approve in the National Assembly, said an official Wednesday."
"AFP - Bollywood's Aishwarya Rai is set to star in a Hollywood blockbuster called ""Taj Mahal"", the famous monument to love built by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan."
"The Chinese government has shut down 1,600 Internet cafes during 2004 and hit thousands more with fines and temporary closures. The country #39;s Culture Ministry claims that the shuttered establishments "
"After the 1989 men #39;s soccer finalists were declared co-champions when the game couldn #39;t be settled in overtime, the NCAA instituted a penalty shootout following a set amount of extra time."
An anonymous reader writes  quot;Market research company IDC is predicting a rosy future for MP3 player sales. They predict that by 2008 it will grow into a \$58 billion industry - four times bigger than the US record industry.
New rear-projection technology from Sony to be featured in new HDTV.
Legislation introduced in the Senate to implement 9/11 Commission recommendations would create an executive-level board to investigate and advise on civil liberties and privacy issues. President Bush recently created a similar board with fewer powers. By Ryan Singel.
"Reuters - FedEx Corp.'s  express air\shipping unit has been ordered by the U.S. government to repay\ #36;29 million in excess funds received under an act established\after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the company said on Friday."
"The Cubs' Sammy Sosa , just 3 for 22 in his previous six games, hit his 34th homer in the sixth -- the 573d of his career, tying Harmon Killebrew for seventh place on the career list."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer  as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher  Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in  Houston on Sunday.
"Antitrust regulators have asked a federal appeals court to temporarily block Arch Coal Inc. #39;s \$364 million acquisition of Triton Coal Co. Ltd., pending court appeal. "
"Despite getting less attention than the summit talks at the ongoing Asia Europe Meeting (ASEM) here, officials of the Asia Europe Fund (ASEF) are busy carrying out their duties behind the scenes."
"AP - Yasser Arafat will be buried at the battered West Bank headquarters that had been his virtual prison for the last three years, his aides decided after the Palestinian leader sank deeper into a coma."
"Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, the South African breezed through a wacky day of weather at the WGC American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead "
"On Sunday, voters will have a limited chance to elect members to the city #39;s parliament. By Robert Marquand  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor."
"Freshly installed Afghan Pres-ident Hamid Karzai was gearing up yesterday to address tribal leaders on the need to eliminate this war-ravaged country #39;s booming drug trade, an aide said."
"PORT-AU-PRINCE : A senior French government official was evacuated from a Haitian hospital after unknown gunmen opened fire, in an apparent attack on the official."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The utilization rate of the world's chip  factories fell in July-September from the previous quarter, the  first decline in almost two years and the latest evidence of a  slowdown in the semiconductor sector."
United goals-scored co-leader Alecko Eskandarian injured his left ankle in practice Wednesday and is questionable for Saturday's match at New England.
"AP - Wall Street's fourth-quarter rally gave stock mutual funds a solid performance for 2004, with small-cap equity funds and real estate funds scoring some of the biggest returns. Large-cap growth equities and technology-focused funds had the slimmest gains."
Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has warned that violence in the country #39;s south could get worse. Mr Thaksin said suspected Muslim separatists wanted to provoke the government into over-reacting.
"As communications with Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity improves because the planet has emerged from behind the sun (from Earth #39;s view), NASA has extended the robots #39; mission."
"The minister said the attack was aimed at halting prosecutions led by Anderson against several hundred opposition politicians, lawyers and former military officers accused of supporting Chavez #39;s short-lived ouster in the 2002 coup."
"It #39;s almost the end of the semester and many male students are turning to video games, instead of the Internet, to relieve some much built-up stress."
"Oh, if only the biggest problems in Columbus, Ohio, were how the Buckeyes might get their running game going and beat Purdue today. Not so. In a pair of stories -- one in ESPN the Magazine, the other on ESPN.com -- Ohio State Coach    Jim Tressel  was first accused by former star running back Maurice Clarett of helping him gain access to free cars and of hooking him up with boosters for cash payments. The second story traced such scams back to Tressel's days as the coach at Youngstown State, in Clarett's home town. Ohio State's response to Clarett: He's a liar, and he's lying. Suddenly, though, the Boilermakers aren't Tressel's most daunting opponent."
"BIRMINGHAM, England : British companies are under increasing pressure to relocate parts of their business overseas to remain competitive, with Asia and Eastern Europe the chosen destinations, a survey showed."
"New York Times Co. (NYT) on Monday forecast third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall Street #39;s average estimates, citing lower-than-expected revenue so far in September."
AP - Newly acquired wide receiver Keenan McCardell will make his season debut on Sunday and might even start for the San Diego Chargers in their road game against the Carolina Panthers.
"Time Warner Inc. has agreed to pay \$210 million to settle securities fraud charges involving the company #39;s America Online unit, law enforcement officials said Wednesday."
"Some details of the highly-anticipated advanced microprocessor, code-named Cell, which is expected to power the PlayStation 3, have been released by the three firms responsible for the chip #39;s development - IBM, Sony and Toshiba."
"Retirement hasn't changed Bobby Ross much. He's waiting for the same pregame goose bumps he always felt in his years of coaching college and pro football. He's reverted to his old coaching habits and is relishing the time spent with his new players, starting at 5:45 a.m. and often putting in 16 or 17 hour days."
"Subaru team leader Petter Solberg has established a comfortable lead following leg one of the Rally Italia Sardinia today Friday, the Norwegian 30."
"NewsFactor - A virus aimed at users of next-generation mobile phones is making the\rounds, casing headaches for those using handhelds based on the popular\Symbian operating system."
"San Diego, CA (Sports Network) - Adrian Beltre recorded three hits and two runs scored to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 9-6 victory over the San Diego Padres in the finale of a three-game series at Petco Park."
Jonathan Byrd shot his second successive five-under-par 66 on Friday and joined Jeff Sluman on top of the leader board after two rounds at the Chrysler Championship.
"UC Berkeley officials issued a statement of regret about a computer hacking that may have exposed the names and social security numbers of about 600,000 people."
"The singer formerly known as Cat Stevens, branded by the US as a potential terrorist risk, was awarded a peace prize in Rome yesterday for his humanitarian work."
"Facing demands for quick action from the United States and UN human rights experts, Sudan #39;s foreign minister pledged to allow "
"In its fall outlook, the global lender cuts estimates for US GDP growth for both 2004 and 2005. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US economic growth should pick up in the second half of 2004 but costlier oil and weak "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks rose on  Thursday as profits from eBay Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest online market place, helped lift the Nasdaq."
 HONG KONG (Reuters) - The arrest in south China of a Hong  Kong pro-democracy politician for hiring a prostitute has  eroded support for his party and hurt its chance of victory in  the city's legislative elections next month.
"SLALEY, England, Aug 17 (Reuters) - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says he is prepared to put his faith in the nucleus of the squad that flopped at Euro 2004 as he tries to plot a successful challenge for the World Cup. "
"Chechnya #39;s new Kremlin-backed president was sworn in Tuesday, taking the helm of this wartorn Russian region under heavy guard nearly five months after his predecessor "
"Shares in Google, the Internet search engine, continue to rise and broke the \$135 ceiling."
The American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is preparing a 780m hostile bid for Manchester United after dramatically forcing three of the club #39;s directors off the board.
Shares fell Monday after the doughnut company said an independent auditor refused to sign off on its second-quarter financial statement until an outside law firm performed additional work.
TechWeb - Mandrakesoft releases the latest version of its Linux operating system.
"WASHINGTON - Consumer prices fell by 0.1 percent in July as gasoline prices dropped while output at factories and housing construction posted healthy rebounds, offering hope the economy has escaped this summer's ""soft patch.""   The Labor Department said Tuesday that the decline in its closely watched Consumer Price Index was the first decrease since a 0.2 percent drop last November. The CPI had been up 0.3 percent in June and an even sharper 0.6 percent in May, reflecting big jumps in energy costs..."
"Ben Roethlisberger threw for 183 yards and two touchdowns to help the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Philadelphia Eagles 27-3, knocking off the National Football League #39;s last undefeated team."
"A Canadian court approved Air Canada #39;s plan of arrangement with its creditors on Monday, clearing the way for the airline to emerge from bankruptcy protection at the end of September."
"THENS, Aug. 17  American shot-putter John Godina walked into the ancient Olympic stadium at Olympia when he arrived there earlier this week and the history he had studied in college came to life before his eyes. "
"Despite missing all three field goal attempts last week, veteran Steve Christie apparently is going to remain the Giants place-kicker this week against Dallas."
"The Reds are in desperate need for a striker following the injuries to Djibril Cisse and Milan Baros, whilst Luis Garcias hamstring problem has hardly helped matters."
(Article Central) Yahoo Inc. announced that it has released a new tool to search computer hard drives as it strives to compete with rivals Google Inc.
"The Afghan government on Saturday announced the removal of the powerful governor of Herat, in western Afghanistan, one of the country #39;s longest standing warlords."
"Olympique Marseille coach Jose Anigo resigned on Tuesday because of poor results. Anigo, who took over in January from Alain Perrin, will be replaced for "
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KMRT.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit and boosted its  cash pile to \$2.6 billion as it cut spending on advertising and  discounts, sending its stock up 14 percent."
"Reuters - A deadline set by militants who have\threatened to behead two Americans and a Briton seized in Iraq\was due to expire Monday, and more than two dozen other\hostages were also facing death unless rebel demands were met."
"With no electricity or running water and short of basics like antibiotics, doctors in makeshift clinics are fighting to save survivors of Tropical Storm Jeanne -ven "
AP - David Greene was a star from the moment he first took the field for No. 3 Georgia. David Pollack needed a little more time.
Large crowds have lined Paris streets to witness military columns roll through marking the 60th anniversary of the citys liberation from German occupation.
"Singletary #39;s owners didn #39;t wear their Chicago Bears jerseys to Lone Star Park to watch the colt run in the \$1.5 million Breeders #39; Cup Mile on Saturday, trainer Don Chatlos "
A controversial procedure for injured spines has turned a Beijing hospital into a medical mecca\
"Now that Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) two patent efforts regarding e-mail authentication are publicly available, anti-spam advocates are raising even more questions about how the patents might impact an industry-wide anti-spam protocol effort called Sender "
"KHARTOUM, Sudan -- The Sudanese government faced intense Western and African Union pressure to accept additional observers and soldiers in the Darfur region, as Foreign Secretary Jack Straw of Britain flew to Sudan yesterday to urge the country to do more to disarm marauding militias."
"A FATHERS #39; rights activist dressed as Batman, who clambered onto a ledge at Buckingham Palace, has ended the protest after five-and-a-half hours."
Houston at St. Louis (8:10 pm EDT). Roger Clemens (16-4) starts for Houston against Jeff Suppan (15-6) and the major league-leading Cardinals.
AP - That noise the crowd made Sunday during the Miami Dolphins' victory at Pro Player Stadium was faintly familiar from seasons past. It's called cheering.
The Arizona Diamondbacks signed left-hander Jeff Fassero on Wednesday with four games left this season. The Colorado Rockies released Fassero on Friday.
"Birmingham #39;s Townsend Hotel expected the United States Ryder Cup players, their wives and maybe a few children this week. But no one thought the players and children could get confused."
"TWENTY-FOUR hours to the fuel price strike called by the Labour and Civil Society Coalition (LASCO), President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mr Adams Oshiomhole, has restated that the action will be total and indefinite."
"NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Though Hurricane Frances is still days away from potential landfall in the southeastern United States, those without window shutters are busy boarding up their houses with plywood -- if they can find any."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico braced for output  disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
"Britain #39;s broadband access charges are still too high and need to be slashed further to bring them in line with other nations, the UK #39;s media and telecoms regulator said Thursday."
Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O and other Internet access providers filed three new lawsuits on Thursday to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail messages touting everything from home refinancing to miracle health cures.
"Despite passage of the 1994 Child Safety Protection Act, hazardous toys can still be found on toy store shelves across the country, according to a nationwide toy safety survey released by the US Public Interest Research Group (US PIRG)."
"Equipped with a wireless LAN feature, the Sony PSP enables users to connect to the Internet through access points, making it possible for them to download game characters and content and also to play games online with families, friends and online "
The United States has reported encouraged Israel to help strengthen the position of moderate Palestinians in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
US boffins are developing mobile phones which learn user #39;s daily habits so that they can become  quot;mobile digital secretaries quot;.
"Chancellor Gordon Brown is in danger of breaking his economic ""golden rule"" because forecasts for tax revenues are too optimistic, a report says."
Suzuka - Ferrari technical director Ross Brawn said on Sunday the temporarily enforced format of qualifying and racing on the same day at the Japanese Grand Prix was not as difficult as had been expected.
"Sony Corp. #39;s Japanese music unit says it will no longer sell CDs with built-in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years."
SEATTLE -- Storm guard Sue Bird is expected to play after having surgery Monday on her broken nose. Bird was injured during Game 2 of Seattle #39;s first-round series against Minnesota.
"Chinese parents pick up their children at the gate of the Korean School in Beijing Friday Oct. 22, 2004. As many as 29 North Korean asylum seekers entered the school earlier Friday, and told school authorities "
Everton rejected a bid of 20 million pounds (\$36 million) from English Premiership soccer rival Newcastle United for teenage striker Wayne Rooney.
"The current motion is in addition to the request for a summary judgment IBM has been seeking since early July. If the initial request is granted, it could bring the case to a close without trial. Although summary judgment arguments ..."
"The palm trees that narrowly missed Leo Berard #39;s pondside condominium in Naples, Fla., when they toppled Friday spared him from major repairs on his second home. "
The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.
"AP - Monique Currie scored six points in the final 1:41 and No. 10 Duke upset fourth-ranked Tennessee 59-57 on Thursday night, becoming only the seventh team in 17 years to beat the Lady Vols in Thompson-Boling Arena."
"Crude oil futures fell for a fifth session, the longest period in 10 months, as a cease-fire in Najaf eased concern that shipments from Iraq will be disrupted."
The former chief executive of software maker Computer Associates International was charged yesterday with securities fraud in a multibillion-dollar accounting 
It's going to be a value meal of earnings with the burger and soda giants posting quarterly results.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices pierced the \$50-a-barrel  mark again on Friday amid concern over possible conflict in  Nigeria's oil-producing delta region, where a two-day truce  between rebel militia and government forces is holding."
"The biotech giant is hit with a subpoena requesting documents related to the promotion of Rituxan, its best-selling drug. Just two days before its third-quarter earnings release, biotechnology pioneer Genentech "
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer doesn #39;t think Apple will lead the way to tomorrow #39;s digital home - and describes iPod users as music thieves.
Radio-frequency identification is a technology that #39;s touted as the replacement for the bar code. These postage-stamp-size RFID tags contain a tiny microchip that #39;s smaller than a grain of sand and capable of storing information.
"Yahoo adds a search feature for cell phones, following a similar move by Google. Also:  Start-up Seven gets addicted to Java."
Willie Randolph walked into Shea Stadium on Thursday and was introduced as the first African-American manager of a major league team in New York.
"Ivory Coast forces will immediately pull back from front lines, the presidential spokesman said Sunday, after a day of clashes with French peacekeepers that left the West African nation's air force in shreds."
"Since Pedro Martinez wasn't talking, leave it to Kevin Millar to clear that up."
"THE first spacecraft sent from Europe to the Moon has safely entered lunar orbit, scientists behind the mission learnt yesterday. Smart-1, which is powered by a Star "
"Cairn Energy, the UK-based oil  amp; gas major said on Tuesday that it plans to produce up to 5mn tons of crude oil from its recent discoveries in Rajasthan by the end of 2007."
German chemical and drug maker Bayer AG announced Monday it has entered a strategic alliance with the Schering-Plough Corporation that will have the New Jersey-based company market and distribute Bayer #39;s primary care pharmaceutical products in the United 
"Sun will unveil new servers, called Sun Fire V490 and V890, based on the company's dual-core UltraSparc IV processor."
Ex-Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic could be forced to accept a defence lawyer on Tuesday as his trial reopens.
"Hunt Valley, MD (Sports Network) - Wayne Levi matched the course record of eight-under-par 64 on Friday to take a one stroke lead after the opening round of the Constellation Energy Classic."
"AP - Southern California is No. 1 in the polls and the BCS standings. The computers prefer Oklahoma. Auburn's victories over Georgia and Tennessee might be the season's two most impressive performances. The Trojans, Sooners and Tigers are all 11-0, but the Bowl Championship Series can only accommodate two teams in its national title game."
"The World Trade Organisation (WTO) agreed on Monday to begin accession talks with Iraq and Afghanistan, but the United States again blocked any such negotiations with Iran, diplomats said."
"ATHENS, Greece - Now this was a duel in the pool. With Michael Phelps leading off Tuesday night, the United States bested its rival from Down Under in the most thrilling race of the Athens Games..."
"Tower Ltd., New Zealand #39;s third- biggest asset manager for individual investors, will receive A\$130 million (\$100 million) from the spinoff of its Australian wealth management units, Bridges and Tower Trust."
"Union leaders today arrived at luxury car-maker Jaguar for crucial talks over the future of the Coventry Browns Lane plant. The factory, which opened in 1951 and currently employs "
"AP - A new cellular application promises to help vision-impaired people who can't read the screen of a mobile phone. It responds to spoken commands with voice recognition technology and reads back menu options, text messages, and other information to the user."
"While the deal will not be announced until some time next week, Baltimore Ravens tailback Jamal Lewis has reached a tentative plea agreement that will allow him to avoid both "
US women #39;s water polo coach Guy Baker was seething so much about an unusual call that he could barely speak. His world champion squad was too  quot;crushed quot; to explain what happened.
"The home secretary is to spell out proposals for more far-reaching measures to tackle terrorism, amid fears of an al-Qaeda attack on Britain."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and the European  Union are unlikely to reach agreement on a new civil aircraft  pact, a European Union official said on Thursday, increasing  chances the two sides could fight out the issue at the World  Trade Organization."
"Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer took the company #39;s anti-Linux campaign to its IT executive e-mail list on Wednesday afternoon, with a 2,600-word message that restated Microsoft #39;s well-worn case against open source software."
"Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Operators of the controversial Vernon, B.C. halfway house whose residents were linked to three killings were stampeded into closing it even though there's no evidence of negligence, The Canadian Press has learned."
"ITunes has been a success for a number of reasons. Backed by a respected name (Apple), it offers a massive, ever-expanding library of songs at appealing prices."
Feyenoord won the battle of the former winners to reach the last 32 of the UEFA Cup on Wednesday after a 2-1 victory over Schalke 04.
"Actually, I just finished looking at the final BCS standings and could use a boost. More to the point, I could use an aspirin. So let me get this straight: Pittsburgh loses to Nebraska and Connecticut, narrowly "
"Police raided the Brazilian offices of international security consultant Kroll Inc., seizing evidence and arresting five employees amid allegations Kroll illegally spied in a probe of a bitter corporate dispute."
 PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's senior deputies were to  fly to France on Monday hoping to visit the critically ill  Palestinian president after approving a plan for maintaining  law and order in the West Bank and Gaza.
AP - C.C. Sabathia struck out 11 in six innings and Ronnie Belliard hit a three-run homer to lead the Cleveland Indians over the Chicago White Sox 6-3 Friday night.
"This week #39;s nuclear deal between Iran and three European countries has triggered a wave of criticism from Israeli and Jewish communal officials, who warn that the pact will fail to halt Tehran #39;s pursuit of nuclear weapons."
"LONDON, December 9 (newratings.com) - General Motors Corp (XGM.NYS) plans to cut 9,500 jobs at its German unit, Adam Opel AG, as part of its efforts to reduce its significant losses in Europe."
"AFP - Bosnian Serb authorities apologized for the first time to relatives of around 8,000 Muslims killed by Serb forces in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, Europe's worst atrocity since World War II."
A German court yesterday sentenced a second member of one of Europe's largest software counterfeiting rings to three years prison and handed down a sentence to his father for helping run front operations.
"Philips Electronics, Europe #39;s largest maker of CD players, said Thursday that it had sold its 3 percent stake in Vivendi Universal, owner of the world #39;s biggest music company."
"Making use of the current trend to send festive greetings via email, a new virus is making the rounds. A variant of the ZAFI worm, the WORM_Zafi."
"The Walt Disney Company said on Wednesday that Fred H. Langhammer, an executive for the Este Lauder Companies, was named to its board as an independent director and "
"The New York Yankees are starting to rummage through their closet, looking for those brooms, just in case. The Boston Red Sox are trying to keep their closet door locked, before all those infernal ghosts get out again."
"The Rouse Company, the mall developer that has reshaped the nation's landscape, agreed to be acquired by General Growth Properties for \$7.2 billion in cash."
"The way Alex Rodriguez jumped out of the batter #39;s box in the ninth inning last night, he looked as happy as a little leaguer after his first big hit."
Philip Green has never been afraid to redefine conventional wisdom in the worlds in which he operates. But his recrafting of what constitutes a dividend represents his most challenging thinking to date.
INTER Milan took a firm grip on a place in the next round of the Champions League with a stunning victory at the Mestalla this morning (Singapore time).
" TAMPA, Fla. (Sports Network) - Tyler Palko threw for a  career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns, leading 19th-ranked  Pittsburgh to a 43-14 drubbing of South Florida at Raymond  James Stadium."
"XSTRATA saw its shares fall 1.4 per cent yesterday after the London-listed miner said it was taking its A\$7.4 billion (3.12bn) offer for Australias WMC Resources hostile, following a rebuff from the WMC board last month."
Aaron M. Feuerstein's ambitions to buy back control of Malden Mills Industries Inc. suffered a blow recently when a major real estate partner said it was no longer interested in continuing a financing agreement.
"AP - An NHL executive accused the players' association of conducting ""a charade"" and said the union has no interest in working out a new labor deal before a lockout would be imposed in three weeks."
"Thrill seekers are paying 100,000 to ride rockets that haven #39;t even been built yet, and new airline Virgin Galactic promises to be up and soaring in the next three years."
"By jeff fisher. After its historic victory last night against Saint Joseph #39;s, the Penn women #39;s basketball team will face an even bigger challenge against another city rival."
"Reuters - India's most wanted bandit was killed by police in a gun battle while on his way to get treatment for an eye problem, ending a two-decade hunt for a man who killed more than 100 people and kidnapped a movie star."
" PARIS (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal posted a near doubling  in its first-half net loss to 1.86 billion euros (\$2.28  billion) on Tuesday, hit by currency translation losses linked  to its entertainment deal with NBC, but cellphone unit SFR  boosted profits at the operating level."
"Forbes.com - L. Lowry Mays is a Texan's Texan, rock-ribbed, 6 foot 2 and larger than life. He started out as an investment banker; in 1972, when a client he was advising backed out of a deal to buy an FM radio station in San Antonio, Tex., Mays partnered with a pal and did the deal himself, paying  #36;125,000. In the three decades since, he has built one of the largest and most powerful media companies in the nation, Clear Channel, a much-maligned giant that, in the view of its enemies, is just too damned big for anyone else's good."
"U.S. troops hunted rebels in the battered Iraqi city of Fallujah on Thursday, but rebels hit back with an armed rampage in Mosul and a powerful car bomb that killed 17 people in a crowded Baghdad street."
"The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index fell, led by shares of household-product makers, after Kimberly-Clark Corp. reported earnings that trailed analysts #39; estimates."
"AP - In a candid interview with his time in office running out, Secretary of State Colin Powell is acknowledging differences with others in the Bush administration and suggesting that the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems."
CHICAGO -- Spanish-language daily Hoy -- owned by the Tribune Co. -- said on Thursday it is reducing its staff by 20 percent across the company.
"WASHINGTON - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.    Kerry has less than seven weeks to take over the lead in the presidential race..."
"As the nation #39;s new overtime regulations take effect, metro Detroit companies are looking at their overtime policies to make sure they comply, while some employers have determined that most of their employees won #39;t be affected."
"Motorola plans to axe 1,000 workers across a number of business units, hoping to reduce costs as it refocuses on its wireless business."
"Officials at EarthLink #39;s (Quote, Chart) R amp;D facility have quietly released a proof-of-concept file-sharing application based on the Session Initiated Protocol (define)."
"In returning to their roots, Steelers defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau and Chargers tight end Antonio Gates have emerged as this season's unsung heroes."
"Coca-Cola warned that its earnings will fall short of forecasts, pointing to competition in North America and poor weather in Europe."
"BUCHAREST -- President Ion Iliescu yesterday admitted Romania's complicity in the Holocaust, ending decades of denial that hundreds of thousands of Jews were killed in the country when it was an ally of Nazi Germany."
"Automaking giant DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned 951 million euros (\$1.18 billion) in the third quarter on good performances from its financial services division and its US Chrysler arm, rebounding from a 1.7 billion euro loss a year ago when "
"Marine biologists say they have obtained the first proof that sharks can spot changes in magnetic fields, boosting evidence that the fish have an internal compass to guide them as well as a phenomenal sense of smell."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Wright Medical Group Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMGI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMGI.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday said it recalled defective components used in its  reconstructive hip implants and cut its earnings forecast,  sending its shares tumbling 14 percent."
"The Tampa Bay Devil Rays set a franchise record with their 70th victory, beating the Detroit Tigers 7-4 Sunday behind Matt Diaz and John Halama."
AP - New Orleans center Jamaal Magloire broke his right ring finger in the final minute of Friday night's 95-86 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
Tucked into that \$136 billion in corporate tax breaks President Bush just signed was the point of the bill: Lifting a \$5 billion annual export subsidy the World Trade Organization had ruled illegal.
"AP - Jessalyn Deveny scored 16 of her 22 points in the opening 9 1/2 minutes Wednesday, helping 20th-ranked Boston College to a 74-43 win over Quinnipiac."
"GUWAHATI, India -- Two bomb blasts in northeastern India Saturday killed 35 people and wounded scores of others. One large explosion ripped through a train station in Dimapur, where most of the casualties occurred, police said."
European Central Bank chief economist Otmar Issing has said the slowing of euro zone economic growth in the third quarter was temporary and he expects growth rates to pick up again.
The film studios' lobbying arm files lawsuits against the operators of sites and servers that help users of file-sharing networks locate movies and songs. By Xeni Jardin.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) announced here on Monday the list of the newly-elected Athletes #39; Committee. An IPC official at once claimed it a balanced unit and 
"House price growth continued to show signs of slowing down during September the latest figures have shown. The average cost of a home increased by 0.2 per cent during the month, following growth of only 0.1 "
"TORONTO -- Nortel Networks said yesterday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal ..."
"NEW YORK - Hardly at her best, barely beating one of the tour's pesky teens, Serena Williams suddenly found herself face-down at the U.S. Open..."
"New top-of-the-line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery."
"Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and it cost them the top spot in South America's World Cup qualifying."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Agere Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGRa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AGRa.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  posted a fiscal fourth-quarter loss as the communications chip  maker's revenue declined and it took hefty charges for  restructuring."
(Nov. 15) -- Would your car protect your head and neck in case of a crash? The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety tested restraint systems in dozens of cars.
"Good growth in notebook shipments during the back-to-school season coupled with desktop replacements among businesses and consumers sustained another strong quarter in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, IDC said."
"A suspected al-Qaida operative who was captured along with another man during raids in this southwestern city is an  quot;explosives expert quot; who had arrived here from Iran, a security official said Thursday."
"Google Inc.'s long-awaited initial stock sale, which appeared imminent Tuesday, has been delayed while the company awaits final approval of its paperwork by the Securities and Exchange Commission. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"Just an extra hour of exercise a week could significantly cut obesity among young overweight girls, according to a study that researchers say could lead to major changes in the way schools fight obesity.    The study - the largest look yet at obesity among young children - did not show the same results for boys, possibly because they generally get more exercise than girls..."
Alessandro Petacchi won a bunch sprint at the Tour of Spain in Zaragoza for the second year running to take his second stage of the 2004 race on Tuesday.
South Korean police want to question 15 mobile phone workers and brokers over allegations they traded the personal information of an estimated six million people in the northeast Asian country.\
"Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Tim Wakefield pitched eight strong innings to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 6-1 victory over the Detroit Tigers and a sweep of the four-game series at Fenway Park."
FRANKFURT : German electronics giant Siemens is planning to de-list its shares from the New York Stock Exchange because of the high costs of maintaining a listing on Wall Street.
"Under the measure, property owners who can prove that environmental or zoning rules have hurt their investments can force the government to compensate them."
AP - A rebel leader said Tuesday that Haiti's U.S.-backed interim government must meet demands to rebuild the storm-devastated city of Gonaives or face a revolt like that which drove out President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
The US military blocked roads round Iraq #39;s rebel-held city of Falluja on Friday after mounting air strikes overnight that local hospital sources said killed three people.
South Korea says the newly re-elected US president has agreed to seek early talks on N Korea's nuclear programme.
"Reuters - A strong earthquake shook New\Zealand's South Island on Tuesday but there were no reports of\injuries or major damage, officials and witnesses said."
"The European aircraft manufacturing group Airbus believes it will benefit from a US decision to take a subsidy dispute to the WTO, since the move will destabilize development of the 7E7 by US rival Boeing, EU Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy said here "
Scientists say a defect in a key protein may cause the muscle-wasting disease muscular dystrophy.
"AP - Pope John Paul II received an honorary degree Tuesday from Nicholas Copernicus University in his native Poland, calling it a ""sign of dialogue"" between science and faith."
Ralph Friedgen continues to stand behind quarterback Joel Statham despite his three first-half interceptions in Maryland's 19-16 overtime loss at West Virginia on Saturday.
AP - The University of Texas and Texas A amp;M University are planning to construct what they call the world's largest telescope with the help of a Houston businessman's  #36;1.25 million gift.
" The Broken  Window Fallacy is a parable about a shopkeeper's window that gets  broken by a naughty little boy and the economical shenanigans that  ensue.  Initially, the townsfolk sympathize with the shopkeeper,  condemning the lad as a vandalism prone vagabond, yet eventually more  specious reasoning prevails.  "
"NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has launched a major upgrade of its WebSphere flagship middleware\product, adding autonomic troubleshooting capabilities and other new\features designed to improve performance in the application-server\platform."
"Angry villagers in Nigeria #39;s restive oil-producing south have stormed and shut down three oil flow stations, preventing at least 107 oil workers from leaving two of the facilities "
IBM later this month will begin shipping the second generation of its two-way server powered by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. #39;s 64-bit Opteron processor.
Rural Affairs Minister Alun Michael urges peers to accept a compromise on hunting and says time is running out.
"Outwardly, Russia has not changed since the barrage of terrorist attacks that culminated in the school massacre in Beslan on Sept."
"Gaming giant Electronic Arts will boost production of video games for mobile phones over the next nine months, bringing top-selling franchises  quot;Fifa Football quot; and  quot;The Sims quot; to handsets, the company says."
AP - Tiger Woods shot a 3-under 67 Sunday to win the Dunlop Phoenix by eight strokes for his first title since February and first ever in Japan.
"US consumer spending rose in October as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in five months, a government report showed."
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held close to \$50 a barrel on  Wednesday ahead of U.S. inventory data that is expected to show  tighter supplies in the world's biggest oil consumer as a  result of Hurricane Ivan.
"OWINGS MILLS, MD. -- Deion Sanders is back in the National Football League, this time with the Baltimore Ravens. The seven-time Pro Bowl defensive back passed his physical yesterday and formally ended his "
"The tsunami triggered by a massive undersea earthquake Dec. 26 not only washed away thousands of people living on India's coastlines, it may have also permanently altered its geography."
"Kofi Annan built a reputation as the world #39;s most trusted diplomat, but the oil-for-food scandal has riled US critics. Is his job in jeopardy?"
"Last month, wholesale prices posted their biggest increase in 14 years, the Labor Dept. reported on Nov. 16. The Producer Price Index, a gauge of prices received by farms, factories, and refineries, rose 1.7, nearly twice as high as forecasted."
"Regulators are apparently not basking in the spirit of holiday giving, at least where Wall Street is concerned."
"Islamabad, Oct 22 : Extending tacit support to Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf #39;s intention to continue as the Army Chief despite pledging to quit the post, the Commonwealth today said the move should be considered democratic if Parliament approves it."
The former Fannie Mae employee who assisted federal regulators in an investigation of the company #39;s accounting will not testify at a congressional hearing next week.
P amp;Os cutbacks announced today are the result of the waves of troubles that have swamped the ferry industry of late. Some would say the company has done well to weather the storms for as long as it has.
"Reuters - DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. on\Tuesday set its planned initial public offering at 29 million\shares that could raise up to  #36;725 million, announcing the\terms after its new film ""Shark Tale"" snagged the No. 1 U.S.\box office spot for the second straight weekend."
" BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - In the end, Europe's  crushing Ryder Cup victory over the U.S. was all about better  teamwork, hungrier players, putts made when they mattered most  and astute captaincy by Bernhard Langer."
"Employees at game software makers are speaking out about demanding hours, challenging companies to change their ways.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Family time for former EA worker"
Italian Stefano Baldini won the Olympic men #39;s marathon overnight after a spectator dashed on to the course late in the race and bundled the then leader Vanderlei de Lima into the crowd.
The dollar hits yet another record low against the euro on Wednesday amid speculation Russia may increase reserves of the single currency.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of  its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook  or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
"economic troubles still plaguing reunited Germany on the 15th anniversary of the Berlin Wall #39;s collapse. the Wall fell, also admitted in a public debate he had made errors that were contributing "
France and Germany appeared headed for another industrial row on Monday over a French plan to merge Airbus parent EADS with French defense group 
"Brazil, Berlin, my first home game. It doesn #39;t get any better than that, Jrgen Klinsmann said in preparation for the showdown between the German soccer team and the 2002 world-champion Brazilians."
"Using its strengths in virtual machine technology, VMWare on Monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network."
Jose Mourinho said Chelsea played the  quot;perfect game quot; after they romped to an impressive 3-0 victory over Paris Saint-Germain.
"This just in. In addition to that whole Milton Bradley thing, the Dodgers are now also demanding that Fox erase all tapes of this division series against the Cardinals."
"Google Inc., a web-search services leader, will offer books and documents online from four universities and the New York Public Library."
"AP - An arrogant rush to war in Iraq has made the country more vulnerable to nuclear attack while the Bush administration has misled the public with ""happy talk"" about prospects for peace, Sen. Edward M. Kennedy said Monday."
"Skies here were overcast by day, rainy by night. An uninitiated visitor might expect around-the-clock gloom to deepen despair over the local nine and their two-game "
"ObjectWeb will begin distributing an open source BPEL server in the coming weeks, expanding the available options for a middleware technology used to link several applications and data sources into a larger business process. It will be the second open source BPEL server released in recent weeks."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Growth in the vast U.S. services  sector slowed in August although managers seemed more willing  to hire new workers, according to an industry survey published  on Friday."
The US-based oral care and personal products company Colgate-Palmolive Company is drawing a blueprint to restructure its operations.
 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Turkey struck  an historic deal on Friday to start talks next year on  admitting the vast Muslim nation to the bloc after last-minute  haggling over Ankara's relationship with EU member Cyprus.
"TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Ralph Nader is back on Florida's ballot - probably for good this time..."
"Amjad Farooqi, a Pakistani militant killed by the country #39;s security forces yesterday, had links with top al-Qaeda leaders who instructed him to target westerners and top Pakistani leaders, a Pakistani minister said."
"LONDON: Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will race the last three Grands Prix of the season for Renault, the Formula One team said yesterday."
"AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, said Tuesday that third-quarter earnings increased nearly 13 percent year-over-year on strong international sales and higher same-store sales at the company's Sam's Club stores."
"I_Love_Pocky! writes  quot;According to this article, Microsoft is going to give its source code for Office 2003 to more than 30 different world governements."
"carbolic writes  quot;The Firefox browser is ramping up as fast as Internet Explorer is ramping down. According to these stats posted from the Engadget logfiles, IE has dropped to 57 of all browsers used to visit "
WHAT #39;s the prize beneath the cap of that soft drink bottle? A trip into space. It may sound far-fetched - if not a little crass -ut the commercialisation of the final frontier began in earnest yesterday 
"ATHENS, Greece -- The winner of Wednesday #39;s women #39;s shot put has been stripped of her gold medal after failing a drugs test after the competition."
"Halliburton reported a loss in the third quarter, hurt by charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims."
"Davie, FL (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins linebacker Zach Thomas will miss Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills with a hamstring injury."
"A European judge today cast a skeptical eye on whether Microsoft Corp. should be forced to create two versions of its Windows operating system, one with its program for "
"Reuters - Newspaper tycoon Conrad Black and his\top lieutenant were charged by regulators on Monday with\siphoning more than  #36;85 million from the company they ran, and\they face a move to bar them from serving as officers of a\public company."
Indianapolis - October 21 - The Hamilton County sheriff talks about a home owned by one of Indiana #39;s richest men. The founder and former Chief Executive Officer of Conseco.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a new record low  against the euro on Tuesday as investors, tiring of tough talk  on exchange rates by European officials, dismissed new   warnings from euro zone officials."
"New York - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about revenues could weigh on stocks."
"ATHENS, Greece  Take Mark Spitz off his back, and this Phelps kid is pretty fast.  quot;It is, quot; Michael Phelps conceded,  quot;a little bit easier to get up on the (starting) block. quot; ..."
"Bertelsmann, the world's fourth-largest media company, sees profits surge during the first half of 2004, lifted by its music and TV businesses."
"At least one man was killed and four wounded Friday when a bomb exploded in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar, in the latest attack by Taliban fighters intent on derailing a landmark election next month."
" LAS VEGAS, Nevada (Reuters) - Australian Andre Stolz, way  down in 217th place on the PGA Tour money list at the start of  the tournament, scored a surprise victory at the \$4 million Las  Vegas Invitational on Sunday."
"Nextel Cup Series driver Jimmy Spencer and his son were arrested Sunday night at he driver #39;s home in Cornelius, NC, according to a report in the Charlotte Observer."
"The new initiative will automate and simplify the process for independent software vendors to become IBM business partners, according to a statement."
Otellini is buttoned-down and urban. He has handled much of Intel #39;s communication with Wall Street analysts and he peppers his interviews with friendly comments and jokes.
"AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US telephone company, on Thursday reported a \$7.1 billion third-quarter loss due to \$12."
" SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - A Chilean judge has questioned  former dictator Augusto Pinochet about secret U.S. bank  accounts worth up to \$8 million, a member of Pinochet's legal  defense said on Friday."
"Big Blue is the latest to embrace iSCSI, a protocol increasingly being used to build low-cost storage area networks."
" SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Facing a battalion of sturdy  Spanish baseliners and a partisan, vocal crowd, the United  States will rely on team spirit as it fights for the Davis Cup  this weekend."
"Description: Actor Carl Reiner found his life #39;s calling in the third grade, making his classmates laugh by walking on his hands. The actor, comedian and director joins NPR #39;s Neal Conan and takes calls. "
The office said Hariri would not form the next government. The outgoing prime minister has led Lebanon for most of the time since the end of the civil war in 1990.
" HOUSTON (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday delayed  the start of the trial of five former executives at defunct  Enron Corp.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; broadband Internet unit to March  because of a defense lawyer's scheduling conflict."
"Richard Perle, a director of Hollinger International Inc. and a one-time confidant of Conrad Black, the newspaper publishing company #39;s ex-CEO, has turned on his former friend, the New York Times reported."
"FT.com - Optus and Vodafone have moved to counter Telstra's head start in third generation mobile services, agreeing on Thursday to build a rival second 3G network in Australia."
Swift Boat Veterans for Truth said it had raised \$6.7 million in a windfall brought about by its high profile in recent weeks.
AP - Washington Redskins kicker John Hall will be back in uniform Sunday after missing five games with a groin injury.
AP - The Boston Red Sox clinched a playoff berth on Monday by beating the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3.
"When Smarty Jones was retired following the Triple Crown, it took some sizzle out of the racing scene. But one doesn't have to be an insider to appreciate the field for the \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic at Lone Star Park Oct. 30. It may not be the Kentucky Derby, but a field doesn't get any better than this."
"The conventional wisdom dictates that repeating as NBA champs is an extremely difficult undertaking. And so it is. However, in the past seventeen seasons, only one NBA titlist did NOT accomplish consecutive "
Cornerback Mike McKenzie returned to the Green Bay Packers yesterday after holding out throughout training camp and missing the season opener.
"Australia #39;s trade deficit widened in September as imports of cars, food and appliances increased and record oil prices pushed up the nation #39;s energy bill."
Crude oil rose slightly on Friday to \$47.57 per barrel compared to yesterday fall on expectations for inventories to be lifted. December crude oil was at \$47.
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said on Thursday Yasser Arafat's death could be a turning point  for peacemaking but he would pursue a unilateral plan that  would strip Palestinians of some land they want for a state.
A Las Vegas-based startup air carrier plans to be the US launch customer for Boeing Co. #39;s new 7E7  quot;Dreamliner quot; twin-engine jet.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The Association of Flight Attendants will vote later Tuesday on a proposal to authorize a nationwide strike as tensions escalate between financially troubled airlines and their employees over drastic cost-saving measures.
"InfoWorld - Borland Software this week is breaking up its Together ControlCenter package for UML modeling into separate products for developing, designing, and architecting applications."
Many Native Americans believe exhibits at the soon-to-open Smithsonian museum in Washington are literally alive #151;some masks are even fed cornmeal. &lt;i&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/i&gt;
"Gold, benefiting from a weak dollar, peaked at \$444.60 an ounce in Europe on Wednesday, and traders said the metal could rise higher still."
 BAGHDAD/PARIS (Reuters) - France said Friday two French  hostages held in Iraq were being well treated but there were  hurdles to overcome to secure their release.
" ANN ARBOR, Mich. (Sports Network) - Dion Harris dropped in  a game-high 24 points in helping to lead the Michigan  Wolverines to a 69-60 victory over the Colorado Buffaloes in  the second round of the Preseason NIT from Crisler Arena."
AP - The Arizona Cardinals benched quarterback Josh McCown and started Shaun King against the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
Paris - Swiss bank UBS is expected to purchase Charles Schwab Corporation #39;s capital markets business and its SoundView Technology stock-research operation for \$265 million (R1.
Scientists reconstruct a sea spider from the faint imprint it left when it fossilised 425 million years ago.
"ANAHEIM, Calif. -- He's making it look easy, as if he's strolling down a supermarket aisle, checking off the items on his grocery list as he lobs them into his cart. And while some of these transactions were not yet official as of yesterday afternoon, no one doubts that Theo Epstein will have enough dough when he gets to the ..."
"Reuters - Terrell Owens scored three touchdowns\and the Philadelphia Eagles amassed 35 first-half points on the\way to a 49-21 drubbing of the Dallas Cowboys in Irving, Texas,\Monday."
" quot; I admit it, most of my notes for this game considered of  quot;IY Shannon quot; and  quot;Mr. and Mrs. Dan Boxx. quot; Oh, and looking up the United States all-time record for Olympic finals played in cities called  quot;Athens... quot;. by Dan Loney. There #39;s only one story this week "
"But their decision to buy out Lucious Harris cost them for at least one night. Harris, one of the significant pieces the Nets discarded for financial reasons, drilled a baseline three-pointer "
The alleged mastermind of a deadly bomb attack outside the US consulate in Karachi two years ago has been arrested near the Pakistani city of Lahore.
"Nokia Oyj, the world #39;s biggest maker of mobile phones, and Royal Philips Electronics NV, Europe #39;s third-largest semiconductor maker, will next year test a system in Germany allowing people to pay for bus fares using handsets."
"LONDON, November 11 (newratings.com) - Germany witnessed a slowdown in its economic growth momentum during the third quarter this year, with the nation #39;s GDP growth rate declining to 0.1 from the relatively robust growth rate of 0.4 in the first two "
"AP - Within the next few days, CBS News expects to name an independent panel of experts to scrutinize its reporting of President Bush's National Guard service after its defenses for airing the explosive story crumbled."
The area #39;s three major communication equipment makers said Wednesday they are optimistic about the proposed merger of Sprint Corp.
"IBM has signed on 100 software companies to use software from its Workplace initiative, a plan to gain ground in desktop software."
": UN secretary-general Kofi Annan said yesterday he was disappointed his son did not tell him the full story of his ties to a firm involved in the UN oil-for-food programme, now under investigation."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the violent video game ""Grand  Theft Auto: San Andreas"" hits stores on Tuesday, its sales  could eclipse Hollywood's most successful films, even as it  draws the ire of critics."
"Hurricane Ivan is bearing down on the western tip of Cuba with winds near 160 miles per hour. If the Cayman Islands and Jamaica are any indication, damage could be widespread."
ATHENS - The curtains came down on the Athens Olympics under a full moon Sunday after the sports extravaganza returned to the country of its birth and revival as the biggest in history.
The Sudanese government welcomed Sunday the UN Security Council #39;s resolution on Sudan. Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Ismail said the Sudanese cabinet  quot;considered the resolution 
"McAfee, on Monday, announced a launch of its multi-function e-mail service for small to medium sized businesses. It is a managed mail protection service that includes anti-spam, anti-virus, and content filtering technologies."
"The U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Wednesday kicked off efforts that could reshape the communications services available to airline passengers, deciding to auction off spectrum now set aside for air-to-ground phone service and proposing to relax its ban on the use of cellular phones in flight."
"Somewhere in their latest indignity in a six-game losing streak, the Giants stepped into a rabbit hole and found themselves reliving last season all over again."
"AMD (Quote, Chart) took the wraps off a batch of new mobile processors it hopes will steal market share away from Intel #39;s Centrino empire."
"COLUMBIA, SC -- Clemson and South Carolina will not accept bowl bids, punishment for a brawl between players toward the end of Saturday #39;s game, the schools announced Monday."
"Team USA goaltender Chanda Gunn makes the save off Team Canada Colleen Sostorics as USA #39;s Katie King looks on during first period Four Nations Tournament action Thursday, Nov. 11, 2004 in Burlington, Vt."
"NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil hit new record levels Monday, lifted by concerns over expansion of a Norwegian labor dispute that threatened to totally shut down the flow of oil from the world #39;s No."
"A body resembling a Japanese captive has been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for identification, Japanese officials have said."
"A page, if not a chapter, has come to closure in the long dark saga of Sept. 11, 2001. A federal jury on Monday ruled that the assault on the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center was in fact two occurrences for insurance purposes."
"LOS ANGELES: It takes a special kind of person to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long just to buy a video game - but for rabid fans of the first Halo on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the wait to buy the new Halo "
Danny Williams used to put so much pressure on himself that he would cry in his dressing room before a fight. That might make some wonder how Williams will react when he challenges Vitali Klitschko for a piece of the heavyweight title.
European aerospace firm EADS says it is ready to tender for a bid to supply refuelling planes to the US air force.
AP - New research suggests that developing the ability to run  #151; long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man  #151; was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people from ape-like creatures into what we know today as humans.
"Forbes.com - Peter Frankling tapped an unusual source to fund his new business, which makes hot-dog-shaped ice cream treats known as Cool Dogs: Two investors, one a friend and the other a professional venture capitalist, put in more than  #36;100,000 each from their Individual Retirement Accounts. Later Franklin added  #36;150,000 from his own IRA."
"SOUTH Korea #39;s Grace Park finished with a birdie today to join Americans Laura Diaz, Juli Inkster and Christina Kim in the first round Tournament of Champions lead."
"AP - The twin Mars rovers have found a wonderland of weird rocks and enticing dunes along with more evidence the Red Planet once had water, NASA scientists said Wednesday."
"SHANGHAI, China (AP) -- China's second-largest mobile phone company plans to open 3,000 Internet cafes by the end of the year, exerting stronger state control over a sector once dominated by private enterprise, state-run radio reported Tuesday.    China Unicom already operates 400 Internet cafes in China and plans to start up as many as 200 more by year's end, China Radio International reported..."
"A disturbing trend has returned to South Carolinas secondary at the time the Gamecocks hate to see it the most. As happened so often in USCs embarrassing, 63-17 "
"Temasek Holdings Pte earned S\$7.4 billion (\$4.4 billion) in the last fiscal year, the Singapore state-owned investment company said, revealing details of its financial performance for the first time in its 30-year history."
"When aircraft problems forced the cancellation of Wally Backman #39;s trip last week to interview for the Mets #39; manager #39;s job, something told Backman to cancel a chance to be reunited with his former team."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher on Thursday  after a report showed first-time claims for U.S. unemployment  dropped steeply, but traders said its significance for Friday's  widely anticipated payrolls report was limited."
"AP - North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare whales are making a comeback."
"Search engine Google has fixed a security flaw that was occurring in their email service, Gmail. The company did not reveal the nature of flaw, only that they had corrected it."
"OTTAWA (CP) -- Musicians #39; rights must be protected by the country #39;s telecommunications regulator as it considers three bids for satellite radio licences, says the music recording industry."
"In the midst of tragedy, a wife asks if it is possible to retrieve and store some of her husband's sperm after his death."
"Kodak, one of the largest digital imaging companies, filed a lawsuit against Sun Microsystems stating that Sun has infringed on Kodak #39;s various patents, however, the case centered around three main ones."
"IF THE District of Columbia were conducting an abstract debate over whether sports stadiums should be built with as much private financing as possible, we #39;d side with DC Council Chairman Linda Cropp."
"After sharing the Spaniard #39;s apartment in Switzerland during the European Masters a fortnight ago, Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald shared a vital victory over Kenny Perry and Stewart Cink."
AP - Warming water temperatures in the central equatorial Pacific last month may indicate the start of a new El Nino.
"After tiptoeing through a minefield of controversy, upheaval and unexpected mediocrity for more than three months, the Red Sox stats, schedule finally have their strut back."
The Cassini probe will not pass as close to the moon Iapetus as originally planned because of fears that the flyby will disturb the path of the \$3.
"Reuters - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor\Yushchenko pledged a campaign of mass street protests to\overturn presidential election results he, and Western\countries, say were rigged by a Moscow-backed government."
"NEW YORK Sept. 6, 2004 - Top-seeded Roger Federer and No. 5 Tim Henman became the first men to reach the quarterfinals at the US Open on Monday, Federer on a walkover over Romanian Andrei Pavel and Henman "
"Reuters - Tragic, despicable, inhumane, cowardly,\barbaric, evil, and astonishing -- the deaths of a hundred or\more people including children in a siege in Russia sparked\strong words for the hostage-takers from world leaders,\including Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin."
Brad Haddin blasted a career-best 154 from 162 balls in a brutal display to earn New South Wales first innings points against Victoria at the Junction Oval.
At least 161 people have died in China as the country battles the worst flooding in a century. Villages downstream on the Yangtze River are braced for further deluges and water levels are expected to peak 
"and if Sven Goran Eriksson selects him against Poland tonight, as I expect he will, the coach will have no excuses if his keeper blows it again."
"Thousands of people were facing a second night in emergency shelters or out in the open yesterday after the deadliest earthquake to strike Japan in nine years left at least 21 people dead and more than 1,800 injured."
"A day after a popular arthritis drug is pulled from pharmacy shelves, patients and doctors are trying to decide what to do next. Vioxx is an anti-inflammatory drug used to treat osteoarthritis, acute adult pain and menstrual pain."
Samsung mobile phones look set to double as m-wallets as the mobile phone manufacturer signs a Near Field Communication chip deal with Philips.
Boots is to shut down its lossmaking dentistry and chiropody services as part of its drive to focus on its high street retail chain.
Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Google Is Doomed Long Term - Search Engine Friendly E-Commerce Design From Ground Up - Why Does Google Still Value 'Bought Links' - SEO for Google Using CSS - Cloaking 101 - Questions and Answers - No Joy With Listings in Yahoo!
"Travel and real estate heavyweight Cendant said Wednesday it will buy travel Web site Orbitz for about \$1.25 billion, making it the No."
" RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The grandson of Mahatma  Gandhi urged Palestinian refugees Sunday to march home from  Jordan en masse, even if the Israelis ""kill 200 people,"" to  shock the world into taking notice."
The IDF has recently introduced a system that can detect Qassam rockets and provide the residents of Sderot with a 15 to 20 second warning before the rocket falls.
"No, these aren #39;t allegations against University of Florida football players; they #39;re allegations against the University of Florida football coach."
"Notre Dame has beaten Navy in football in every way, shape and form the last 40 years. The Irish have won in blowouts (41-0 in 1989) and squeakers (27-24 last season)."
"An ailing Pope John Paul II says Mass at Lourdes, the French shrine revered by Roman Catholics."
"US mobile downloads provider Handango is to be a content provider through the Finnish mobile handset maker Nokias Preminet solution, making its mobile content available as part of the end-to-end content distribution and transaction service for mobile "
Apple's latest computer is as cool and sleek as its best-selling music player
Reuters - Shops and businesses were closed in most parts of Kashmir's main city on Thursday in protest against the killing of an aide to a top Kashmiri separatist leader.
AP - A research dig on the site of a proposed Lubbock zoo has turned up a pieces of an ancient bison bone. Daniel Rafuse  #151; one of a three-person team from Texas Tech University and the Lubbock Lake Landmark working the site  #151; said that the bone was found nearly 7 feet below the surface.
"Inside the gutted church, with the acrid scent of burning still thick and the crunch of charcoal under foot, Iraqi Christians baptized Savio Mar Georgis."
America #39;s trade deficit swelled to an all-time high of \$55.5 billion in October as imports -- including those from China -- surged to the loftiest levels on record.
"Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - The Oakland Athletics have acquired infielder Keith Ginter from the Milwaukee Brewers in exchange for pitcher Justin Lehr and outfielder Nelson Cruz."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saboteurs blew up Iraq's northern  export pipeline for the second week in a row on Saturday,  halting oil flows to Turkey's Ceyhan port, oil officials said."
Volatile capital markets cited as nanotech firm--losing money and with no products yet--withdraws initial public stock offering.
"A car bomb detonated near a US military convoy on Sunday outside the northern city of Mosul, the military said. Two children were injured in the blast, said Dr."
"When it comes to forests, air pollution is not an equal opportunity hazard. While dirty air spreads across large areas of the New England region, it's more scattered in the southeastern part of the United States. (University of Wisconsin-Madison press release)"
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks fell by midday on  Thursday as concerns over domestic company earnings and the  impact on global economies of higher oil prices overshadowed  bargain hunting following the market's recent sharp losses.
"The New England Patriots showed the stingiest team in the NFL that they also can dominate on defense. They shut down Baltimore 24-3 Sunday, scoring on a fumble recovery and holding the Ravens to 124 yards."
Yesterday consumer groups released a study saying broadband policy in the U.S. was failing. Here's a counterpoint from the conservative Heritage Foundation. Broadband blog
"LONDON -- Open source software proponents received a potential boost from the U.K. government on Thursday with a release of a report citing the well-documented advantages on the server side, but also growing maturity on the desktop front."
"BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- There was a stern look on his face when he won the first hole, courtesy of Paul Casey's three-putt bogey, and when Tiger Woods went 2 up at the fifth, he hardly showed emotion."
"Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko of AC Milan has been named European Footballer of the Year. In a poll conducted by a French football magazine Monday, the 28-year-old was rewarded for his outstanding scoring "
"KILLEEN, Texas -- Hollie Keahtigh had hoped until Thursday that her husband, an Army captain in Fort Hood's First Cavalry Division, would be home from Iraq to spend Christmas with her, their 5-year-old son, and 2-year-old daughter."
"Airline travel has always been a welcome refuge from the incessant chatter of cellphone users, so it is sobering to hear that regulators are thinking of allowing the use of cellphones up in the friendly skies."
"ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Restless to resolve his status, Pedro Martinez has indicated he wants to decide by today whether to re-sign with the Red Sox or bolt to the Mets, a source familiar with his thinking said last night."
"Google Inc.'s two founders said on Monday that their company is working on a personal search service, but they remained coy on plans for an instant messaging client or Web browser."
"A Gainesville man, who is on business in Tokyo, says his room was  quot;rocking and rolling quot; as two strong earthquakes struck Japan Sunday."
"EVER since Ericsson invented Bluetooth in 1994, the concept of wireless connectivity has held the promise of changing the way we use machines very significantly."
"NEW YORK: For years, profligate American consumers have been chided for putting aside nothing for a rainy day. Now, with the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, the prospect that households could start "
"There are opportunities, there are missed opportunities, and then there #39;s what Florida did on Saturday. Ron Zook and the Gators fell to 4-3 on Saturday."
"With the top two commercial Linux distributions based on the Linux 2.6 kernel, the open-source operating system could gain greater footing among enterprise apps."
A Saudi security officer is killed during a shootout with suspected al Qaeda militants north of Riyadh.
"Vladimir Guerrero homered twice, and Troy Glaus and Jose Guillen also hit home runs as the Angels moved within a game of the first place Oakland Athletics in the West with a 9-5 victory over the Texas Rangers last night in Anaheim, Calif."
RealNetworks Inc. on Thursday said the three-week cut-rate promotion on its online music store garnered sales of more than 3 million songs.
"Wake Forest, which is ranked No. 1 for the first time in the 99-year history of its program, could have picked up a nose bleed from the altitude, but 6-2 junior guard Justin Gray, a first-team "
"Paris, France (Sports Network) - Marat Safin moved into the final of the BNP Paribas Masters with a straight-set victory over Guillermo Canas on Saturday."
"This article shows how to improve SSH security using public key authentication instead of, or in addition to, password authentication."
LONDON: England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson is counting on teenager Wayne Rooney to strike fear into Wales when they meet in next weekend #39;s World Cup qualifier.
"Kim and Brian Ursino haven't yet earned enough seniority at US Airways Group to get some major holidays off, forcing an unusual tradition on their family: the three-hour Christmas."
The PGA of America is expected to introduce Tom Lehman as the next US Ryder Cup captain in a news conference at Amelia Island today.
"The soft orange glow of a common Caribbean coral comes not from the coral itself but from bacteria that live inside it, US scientists said last week. And the bacteria not only give the coral a little night light, but they also break down seawater to help ..."
"Los Angeles Dodgers #39; Shawn Green watches his home run in the sixth inning against the St. Louis Cardinals Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004, in Los Angeles."
" LONDON (Reuters) - A British man held at the Guantanamo Bay  prison camp in Cuba says he was shackled so long he wet himself  and was forced to clean up his own urine, the Guardian  newspaper reported on Saturday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - A brawl involving players and fans at  Friday's game between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons in  Auburn Hills, Michigan may result in serious punishment from  the NBA."
" BANGKOK (Reuters) - Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk, now  83, sick and dismayed at political infighting in his  impoverished country as it tries to recover from the ""Killing  Fields"" era, wants to give up his throne."
"NEW YORK - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, first lady Laura Bush, Sen..."
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Four British former inmates of the  U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay sued Defense Secretary  Donald Rumsfeld and others Wednesday saying they were tortured  in violation of U.S. and international law.
"AP - Scoville Jenkins, a 17-year-old from Atlanta, became the first black to win the 18s singles championship of the U.S. Tennis Association Boys Nationals."
"STOCKHOLM, Sweden - The Nobel Prize in physics is like a scientific riddle: speculation about who could win equals the sheer complexity of the work examined for the coveted award.    This year's choice, which is to be announced Tuesday by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences, could be involved in the search for dark matter or nanotubes..."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled to a fresh eight month  low against the euro on Tuesday as nagging worries about the  strength of the U.S. economy and the gaping trade deficit kept  investors on the back foot.
"Havana, Oct. 22 (Agencies): Fidel Castro wont allow himself to be put under general anaesthesia and America wont say get well soon."
"AP - Shares of India's top software firm, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., soared as much as 41 percent in their first day of trading Wednesday."
"WASHINGTON The US trade deficit narrowed 9 percent in July from the record of the previous month as exports rose and a decrease in oil shipments led to the first decline in imports in 11 months, the Commerce Department said Friday."
"Sven-Erik writes  quot; BBC News reports about a Hong Kong based company called Artificial Life that has developed a solution for men without a partner, in the form of a virtual girlfriend that appear as an animated figure on the video screen of a mobile phone "
"Massachusetts is better poised to capitalize on biotechnology and pharmaceuticals than any other state, according to a study to be released today by the Milken Institute, an independent economic think tank."
"ANKARA (AFP) - Thirteen workers were killed and nine were injured Wednesday in a massive blaze in a tunnel under construction at a copper mine in northern Turkey, the construction company said."
"na sunny race watched by over 40,000 spectators on the grandstands, Rossi has again shown his supremacy at the Sepang Circuit by clinching yet another race victory in the MotoGP class of the Malaysian Grand Prix."
"The judge who presided over the Securities and Exchange Commissions fraud suit against MCI threatened to punish the company for not receiving approval from a monitor before paying fees to lawyers, accountants and other professionals."
"Suspected separatist rebels attacked sleeping villagers in northeastern India today, killing six in a third day of explosions and gun attacks that have left at least 63 people dead in northeast India."
"AP - Verizon Communications Inc.'s third-quarter profit held steady at about  #36;1.80 billion as declining revenues from traditional phone services at the nation's biggest telephone company were offset by another blockbuster quarter for Verizon Wireless, which added a record 1.7 million subscribers."
MCIon Monday announced an approximately \$3.5 billion charge against its third-quarter financial results to reflect a decrease in the value of the company's assets.
"WASHINGTON: Militia fighters loyal to radical Shi #39;ite Moqtada Al Sadr have left the Imam Ali shrine and the United States does not want them to recover their strength, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said last night."
A high-profile departure and a higher-profile purchase mean nothing ever gets boring at Google.
"Ichiro Suzuki #39;s teammates won #39;t stand for anybody messing with his spectacular season. When Suzuki got plunked in the back, Seattle starter Bobby Madritsch nearly went ballistic."
Hamid Karzai pledged Thursday to use his five-year term as Afghanistan #39;s first elected president to crack down on warlords and the country #39;s booming drug economy.
"David Ortiz has yet to steal a base for the Red Sox. He #39;s unlikely to score from first on anything but a homer. For him to triple, something pretty awful has to happen to at least two outfielders."
"Researchers on Monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the ""genetic doping"" of elite athletes a small step closer to reality."
NewsFactor - Research In Motion (Nasdaq: RIMM) (RIM) and mobile operating-system consortium Symbian have signed a deal that will enable BlackBerry Connect to run on Symbian-based 
"Sun Java Workstations are designed to support simultaneous 32-bit and 64-bit computing with no compromises in performance, allowing users to maintain their existing x86 infrastructure "
"Delray Beach, FL (Sports Network) - Defending champion Jan-Michael Gambill of the United States was upended by Croatian Mario Ancic during first round action of the International Tennis Championships on Monday."
"BEIJING - A consortium of Japanese firms led by Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. won a \$12 billion contract to provide high-speed trains to China, Xinhua news agency said on Monday."
"LONDON - British Prime Minister was to undergo a ""routine"" medical procedure Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat, the second time in about a year doctors have tended to the condition.    Hoping to reassure the public, Blair also announced that he intends to serve a full third term if his party is re-elected in national elections expected next year..."
"American gymnast Paul Hamm has a message for all his detractors: Don #39;t disparage his gold. Speaking at Chelsea Piers yesterday, Hamm remained defiant against growing criticism over his controversial gold medal "
Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.
"AP - Barry Bonds praised his teammates for their clutch play while he's been busy walking all season, then watched them go out and do most of the work Tuesday night."
Company targets software-as-service businesses with on demand database program.
"China #39;s largest personal computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd. (0992.HK: Quote, Profile, Research) , said on Wednesday it is buying control of IBM #39;s PC-making business for \$1.25 "
AP - The Agriculture Department offered  #36;2 million Thursday to help private land owners in four Western states protect the habitat of the sage grouse.
"PORTO CERVO, Sardinia -- Norway #39;s Petter Solberg made a storming start to the Rally of Italy as he built up a lead of more than half a minute after three stages."
Connecticut placed assistant men #39;s basketball coach Clyde Vaughan on paid administrative leave Thursday after his arrest in a prostitution sting. 
"By AMBER McDOWELL     NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- Balanced on one leg like flamingos, a dozen people older than 60 concentrate on staying upright, as they master the basics of tai chi..."
"Reuters - The release of two Italian aid workers\in Iraq has raised hopes other hostages may soon be freed, but\reports that a large ransom was paid may only feed the\burgeoning hostage crisis."
"Russian military forces have struck back at Chechen rebels who attacked a police station in Grozny, and arrested seven men. Ilya Shabalkin, the spokesman for Russian forces in "
"Japan #39;s Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura has urged Islamic militants in Iraq to release a Japanese hostage, in an interview with the Arabic satellite network Al-Jazeera."
"Because of repeated showings, television viewers continue to argue over how badly the Jets mangled the clock in last Sunday's loss to Baltimore."
KANDAHAR - Afghan troops foiled an attempt to blow up a fuel truck in the city of Kandahar in what the governor said could have been a  quot;catastrophic quot; attack to disrupt a landmark election.
"Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia names a new CEO, but will the big cheese ever learn?"
"The Food and Drug Administration gives doctors the go-ahead to implant radio frequency microchips in patients. When scanned, the chips will release patients' medical information to doctors, speeding care."
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States declared on  Thursday that the violence in Sudan's Darfur region amounted to  genocide and urged the world to back an expanded African  peacekeeping force to halt the bloodshed.
A two-year-old boy was rescued yesterday after surviving four days buried in a landslide from the powerful quake that ravaged northern Japan over the weekend.
" LONDON (Reuters) - The yen held close to the previous  session's four-week high against the dollar on Thursday while  the dollar held steady on the euro as investors awaited U.S.  labor and manufacturing data due later.  The Japanese currency  rose to a high of 109.28 per dollar late on Wednesday, as cross  currents in the market, mainly from a steep sterling fall,  forced yen sellers to buy the Japanese currency back, pushing  it higher against the dollar."
"LOS ANGELES : Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group said it was jumping into online music, with a  quot;Digital Megastore quot; for US customers offering song downloads for 99 cents."
A politically charged program to poison prairie dogs has begun in South Dakota. Mixed in with the controversy is an endangered ferret and the rights of cattle ranchers.
"Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, DC Politicians in the nation #39;s capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide "
"On Tuesday, Microsoft warned its customers that several of its products are vulnerable to a flaw in the way they handle JPEG graphics images."
Sinn Fin has accused DUP leader Ian Paisley of effectively holding a gun to the heads of the Taoiseach and the British Prime Minister on the issue of photographic proof of IRA decommissioning.
"Reuters - A more refined analysis of the human\genome, or book of life, shows people have fewer genes than\previously thought, an international team of scientists said on\Wednesday."
"ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Willie Parker, Brian St. Pierre, and James Harrison -- who are these guys, you might ask?"
Claudio Pizarro scored both goals as Bayern Munich defeated Bundesliga leaders VfL Wolfsburg 2-0 and moved within one point of the top on Tuesday night.
"China Netcom Group Corp. (Hong Kong) Ltd., China #39;s second-biggest fixed-line phone company, raised \$1.14 billion in an initial public offering to expand and upgrade its telecommunications systems and pay bank loans."
ISN SECURITY WATCH (20/10/04) - Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri tendered his cabinets resignation on Wednesday and said he would not head a new government.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni says attempts to hold third party talks with LRA rebels are a waste of time.
"Web services management vendor Actional and Westbridge Technology, which sold security infrastructure for Web services, are merging to focus on what company officials call SOA (service-oriented architecture) enablement."
A deal to forgive a large chunk of Iraq #39;s external debt could finally be announced this week after key creditor nations came to an agreement at the weekend ending months of stalemate.
"Forbes.com - I am a shareholder in many small companies who has benefited tremendously from the class action process, notwithstanding abuses of the system described in ""Dirty Money"" (Sept. 20, p. 150). Despite Sarbanes-Oxley, managers of small companies continue to commit securities fraud, sell company assets to themselves below market prices, issue themselves below-market options and take companies private at ridiculous valuations. The class action process allows small shareholders to fight for their rights, aggregate their claims and be heard. New York, N.Y."
"Lindsay Davenport and Amelie Mauresmo are in a battle for the No. 1 ranking at the WTA Championships this week at the Staples Center, however, both players downplay the faceoff."
"Germany faced a surge of far-right parties in eastern state elections, worrying about their rise and the ensuing damage to the country #39;s image."
"Device is the first of its kind and can work on most surfaces, company claims."
"OQO, a tiny 14-ounce Windows XP computer, may just be the most elegant and versatile miniature PC possible with current technology."
"Reuters - Iraq's interim defense minister accused\neighbors Iran and Syria on Wednesday of aiding al Qaeda\Islamist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and former agents of Saddam\Hussein to promote a ""terrorist"" insurgency in Iraq."
Freelance photographer Nicolas Reynard died yesterday. The seaplane in which he was traveling crashed in the Negro River near Manaus in northern Brazil.
Jeff Sluman was eight shots worse and walked off the final green with a share of the lead. Paul Azinger was seven shots better and left Innisbrook in a state of shock.
"The Sudanese minister of state for foreign affairs, Najib al- Kheir Abdul Wahab, denied the consent of his government to give self rule to Darfur; noting that it will ask for explanations from the UN Higher Commissioner for Refugees over his statements to "
"Good grief, the entertainment industry #39;s content cartel just won #39;t give up. Copyright owners, recording artists, publishing houses, attorneys--you name  #39;em, they #39;re lining up to file amicus briefs supporting "
"Microsoft (Quote, Chart) fired another shot in its war on spam with a lawsuit against a Web hosting company that claimed to help spammers avoid being shut down."
"RealNetworks #39; campaign to grab digital-music market share away from Apple #39;s iTunes service -- most recently, with cut-rate, 49-cent song downloads -- is raising the ire of Apple loyalists. A petition placed online by Real was swamped with ..."
"AP - With a disappointing third quarter behind them, mutual funds are hoping for a better performance in the last three months of the year. Technology and growth funds, which suffered the most during the summer, are in a good position for a comeback  #151; if the economy shows signs of strength."
"SHARES are set for a bumpy ride after Wall Street lost ground on the weekend, derailed by weak US jobs data and a poor prognosis from Intel which sparked worries for the health of the tech sector."
"Shares of Possis Medical Inc. (POSS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled as much as 41 percent on Tuesday after the company cut its earnings outlook due to the failure of its AngioJet "
He sold the soul of rock 'n' roll and turned FM into a musical wasteland. Now he has 130 satellite channels and says we won't get fooled again. By Richard Martin from Wired magazine.
"Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Paris, condemned Monday a suicide bombing which killed three civilians and the bomber in Tel Aviv, his senior advisor Nabil Abu Rudeina said."
"British Airways has cancelled nearly 1,000 flights at Heathrow over the next three months in an effort to halt a slide in the reliability of its timetable."
"The Lakers were in town. So, automatically, the first thing you did was look around for the big guy. You kept searching for a guy named Shaquille O #39;Neal, who once played for LSU."
"Reuters - Microsoft Corp. launched a new online\store for music downloads on Wednesday, taking direct aim at\Apple Computer Inc.'s popular iTunes music service."
"America Online plans to begin a new ad campaign Thursday with a redesigned logo and a fresh slogan, posed as a question to consumers:  quot;Want a better Internet?"
"BAGHDAD (Iraq): The top Fallujah negotiator in peace talks with the government dashed hopes of resuming talks soon despite his release Monday by US and Iraqi authorities, saying negotiations remain suspended."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. retailers, including Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, reported lackluster September sales on  Thursday as warm weather and the string of hurricanes that  battered the East Coast dampened buying."
"Russian prosecutors have again raided the offices of the country #39;s giant oil firm Yukos, seizing financial documents covering the past two years."
"Former owner Alex Langer is poised to resume operations of WBIX-AM this week amid signs the station is about to significantly cut back on its signature business news and information programs. Langer sold WBIX to accused embezzler Bradford Bleidt in 2002 for \$10 million, but was still owed \$7 million when Bleidt was arrested and charged this month with stealing ..."
"The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, arrived in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region this morning to witness the devastating results of Arab militia attacks on the indigenous black African population."
"The German has been a lame duck since the 1-1 draw in Moldova 13 days ago, which meant that qualification for the World Cup finals in two years #39; time was unlikely."
"Video game publisher Electronic Arts on Monday said it had signed an exclusive agreement with the National Football League and the marketing arm of its players #39; union, giving EA the sole rights to put NFL players, stadiums and teams in its games."
"By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- While U.S. health officials say it's too soon to predict the severity of the coming flu season, unofficial accounts indicate it could be relatively harsh..."
"Percival became the Tigers #39; new closer Wednesday when he signed a two-year, \$12-million contract. He made one of the fastest free-agent decisions in recent memory, arriving in town Monday evening "
"It's getting harder to shrink chips, but Samsung has prototypes that show that the relentless pace of the industry continues."
Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - They have become the defining images of Canada's fault-filled submarine program.
PITTSBURGH The United Steelworkers of America say about 34-hundred workers at BF Goodrich plants in Indiana and Alabama have approved a new contract.
"AP - Sen. John Kerry has taken a slim lead over President Bush, according to an Associated Press poll that shows the president's support tumbling on personal qualities, the war in Iraq and the commander in chief's bedrock campaign issue  #151; national security."
Asthma experts have condemned as a  #39;shabby half measure #39; the government #39;s decision not to implement a complete ban on smoking in public places.
LONDON: British oil and gas firm Cairn Energy is on the verge of entering the elite group of blue-chip companies (FTSE-100). It #39;s saluting its Rajasthan reserves of oil for rising fortunes.
AP - Kennedy Winston scored a career-high 33 points and hit a 16-foot jumper with 20.5 seconds left in the third overtime to give No. 22 Alabama a 102-101 win over Charlotte on Saturday night.
Serbs went to the polls in local elections on Sunday in the first test of voter opinion since they chose pro-Western President Boris Tadic in June.
"Before Game 1 of the World Series, Johnny Pesky walked up to the batting cage at Fenway Park and gave a big ol #39; hug to a fellow octogenarian, Red Schoendienst."
THE England and Wales Cricket Board have confirmed Steve Harmison will face no action for pulling out of November #39;s tour to Zimbabwe.
"Leaders of US Airways Group Inc. #39;s pilots union rejected the carrier #39;s latest contract proposal late Monday, a blow to the No."
"Inter held champions AC Milan to a 0- 0 draw in the Milan derby on Sunday, widening their gap with first division leaders Juventus."
Reuters - EU member states backed tough measures\against ships polluting European waters on Thursday to try to\head off any repetition of a disaster in 2002 that caused one\of Europe's worst oil slicks.
"Free agent Armando Benitez and the San Francisco Giants agreed to a three-year contract yesterday, a move that stabilizes the club #39;s closer role that has been in flux since Robb Nen was injured two years ago."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - The most feared militant group in Iraq, the movement of terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared its allegiance to Osama bin Laden on Sunday, saying it had resolved a dispute with al-Qaida over strategy and vowing unity against ""the enemies of Islam.""   The question of al-Zarqawi's relationship to bin Laden and the al-Qaida leadership has been the subject of considerable speculation. Some experts believed al-Zarqawi - who has claimed to be leading a bloody campaign of bombings against U.S..."
"NEW YORK, Sept 21: Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi discussed proposals for rejuvenating the Iraqi army when he met President Pervez Musharraf in New York Monday evening, officials told Dawn."
"Pfizer said that it would sponsor a major clinical trial of Celebrex, its prescription arthritis pain medication, to assess the cardiovascular benefits of the drug."
"Shares of Air New Zealand Ltd., the country #39;s largest airline, were halted pending a High Court ruling on plans for an alliance with Australia #39;s Qantas Airways Ltd."
Monster Cable Products Inc. is best known for selling premium-priced speaker wires connected to the back of home entertainment systems.
The keyboard is mightier than the whiteboard at an emergency room in the Bronx where the use of computers is now a staple.
Pakistan Supreme Court today granted bail to husband of self-exiled former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in connection with several cases of corruption against him.
"Recent updates to IE contain a serious regression that leaves systems once more vulnerable to a flaw fixed more than two years ago, according to security researchers.\"
"MUMBAI, SEPTEMBER 21: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) today informed the Bombay High Court that it was cancelling the entire tender process regarding cricket telecast rights as also the conditional deal with Zee TV."
"Fraudsters are achieving higher levels of automation for phishing scams, using software tools and botnets to increase the reach of their work, according to the Anti-Phishing Working Group."
"China pledged to invest \$10 billion in Brazil over the next two years as the two countries strengthen economic and trade ties. China agreed to invest in railroads, ports, steel mills "
One of these days AMD's going to take a bite out of Intel and not let go.
AP - The Los Angeles Lakers gave new Hornets coach Byron Scott every reason to wish he was still a part of Showtime.
AP - Utah hopes to rely on a more conventional approach against Air Force this year.
Officials were today still trying to identify the body of a western woman found in Fallujah as US marines continued attacking insurgents in the city.
"If Congress doesn #39;t pass the Federal Paper Ballot Emergency Act, and soon, John Kenney might die. Washington, DC - Scripps Howard Foundation Wire - Kenney, 44, is on a hunger strike seeking "
"InfoWorld - SAN FRANCISCO -- At the CTIA Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment 2004 conference Monday, Mike Wehrs, Microsoft #8217;s director of technology  amp; standards for its Mobility Division, disclosed some details about Big Red #8217;s future mobile plans."
"Positive stock action has been seen throughout the Net sector this week, as eBay struck all-time highs and Google recovered 11 percent of its value."
"Britain is considering moving some of its troops in Iraq outside their normal area of operations in order to help bolster the American antiterrorist offensive, the British defense secretary, Geoff Hoon, said today."
"Reuters - Airgo Networks said on Monday the\Linksys unit of Cisco System Inc. will use its chips in\equipment for high-speed wireless networking, bolstering\support for the start-up chip maker's technology."
"The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported Tuesday."
" GAZA (Reuters) - The interim Palestine Liberation  Organization (PLO) leader hopes to persuade militants in talks  on Tuesday to halt attacks on Israel to allow a smooth election  for a successor to Yasser Arafat next year, officials said."
We live in an era when a high school kid can Google the name of the cute girl sitting in the next aisle in an attempt to find out more about her.
Japanese scientists have built an electronic eye they say could help blind people get around safely.
"Reuters - A Russian spacecraft delivered\three astronauts to the International Space Station on\Saturday, smoothly overcoming docking system problems which had\delayed its launch."
A RIVAL consortium last night declared war on US tycoon Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid to take control of Manchester United. Former Football League chairman Keith Harris is heading a team of  #39;red knights #39; to wrestle the club from dollar billionaire Glazer.
TORONTO (CP) - The next meeting of the US Federal Reserve will dominate markets early in the week as investors look for clues about economic strength and the pace of interest rate hikes.
"Seven years of Pedro. Went by quickly, huh? Seven years, the best of which may very well have been the best pitching ever done in a Boston uniform. Seven years of feistiness. Seven years of blazing fastballs. Seven years of spellbinding changeups. Seven years of pitching inside, sometimes waaaaay inside. Seven years of double-digit strikeouts. Seven years of sheer virtuosity. ..."
Adaptec is changing tack under CEO Robert Stephens and might soon find itself in direct competition with several old partners.
"Germany's third-largest city decided to equip 14,000 computers with Linux and other open-source office apps, despite concerns about patent infringements raised in the debate over new European Union patent laws."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slipped on Tuesday as  investors showed caution ahead of tech bellwether Intel Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; earnings, while disappointing results from State  Street Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;STT.N&lt;/A&gt; cast a cloud over the banking sector."
"SALT LAKE CITY - Police found what appeared to be human remains Friday at a landfill where investigators have been searching for the body of Lori Hacking, the Utah woman allegedly murdered by her husband.   ""Odds are, if it's human, it's Lori,"" said Detective Phil Eslinger..."
"The Oracle Corporation announced early yesterday that it would acquire PeopleSoft for \$10.3 billion, ending a bitter takeover fight that had lasted more than 18 months."
NewsFactor - A newcomer on the open source scene has received funding to expand operations and develop new product lines.
"Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat greets wellwishers prior to his departure from the West Bank town of Ramallah in this picture released by the Palestinian Authority Friday Oct. 29, 2004."
Software giant unveils apps for companies with limited IT resources.
An Iraqi group linked to al-Qaeda threatened to kill three Western hostages within 48 hours unless Iraqi women prisoners are freed.
"It #39;s called the International Open Source Network (IOSN), which is an initiative of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) with a primary goal to promote Free and Open Source (FOSS) software usage."
" BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - Strong explosions shook central  Baghdad at dawn on Sunday and heavy fighting erupted in a  street notorious as a rebel stronghold, in violence that killed  at least 22 Iraqis, the U.S. army and witnesses said."
"We interrupt the worldwide iPod love-fest to complain a bit. Hey Apple, WTF, the very useful app iPod Download made our iPod 10 times better, we were finally able to easily get music off our iPod, but "
"After much speculation that it would raise its bid yet again, Oracle Corp. Monday morning announced its latest offer for PeopleSoft Inc."
"Microsoft has turned the channel on its slow-moving television software business by winning a key contract for its new Internet-based TV platform from SBC Communications.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?"" width=""1"" height=""1"" border=""0""/&gt;&lt;a href=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10""&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;"
Leaders of 21 Asia-Pacific states in the Apec grouping have ended a summit in Chile with a call for action to lower global trade barriers.
"German software giant SAP is teaming with Hewlett-Packard (HP) to offer midmarket companies in the US a hosted software offering that includes applications, maintenance, services and support for a monthly fee."
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge met with a group of Seattle officials recently and told us he #39;s sleeping better at night because our country is better prepared than before to defend against a terrorist attack.
"On the eve of his historic 1,000th match as manager of Manchester United, Sir Alex Ferguson talked of his European desires.  quot;A European game is probably the perfect tie."
"Ben Roethlisberger knows he #39;s lived a charmed life. Of his first seven NFL victories, four of the games were at home. He #39;s worked with the lead so much that he only trailed for 14 minutes of the previous three games."
Fenerbahce are adamant they can blunt Manchester Uniteds attacking threat in the Champions League clash tonight. Wayne Rooney is likely to link up with Ruud van Nistelrooy and Alan 
"AP - Wales' Stephen Dodd won the China Open for his first PGA European Tour title, shooting a 4-under 68 on Sunday for a three-stroke victory over Denmark's Thomas Bjorn."
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) have launched a criminal investigation into the financial accounting practices of network gear maker Nortel Networks Corp. just days before the company is set to release some of its restated financial results. 
WASHINGTON -- The US Supreme Court decided on Friday that it would consider whether cable companies should be forced to give third-party ISPs access to their networks.
The lives of thousands of Holocaust victims are coming to light in a new database that allows anyone with an Internet connection to research the fate of family members and friends sent to Nazi death camps.
"DEAR readers, the formal signing of EUs first constitution is a major step forward in the dream to put in place a unified Europe, but the main task before the leaders now is how "
Brace yourself. There may be a less-than-miraculous explanation for that image of the Virgin Mary a Florida woman says appeared in her grilled cheese sandwich.
"Even without their star rusher, the No. 3 Brockton Boxers continued rolling last night, turning in a dominant defensive effort to handle New Bedford, 32-6."
"KAMPALA, Uganda President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announced on Sunday a unilateral one-week halt in military operations against northern rebels of the Lord #39;s Resistance Army, one of Africa #39;s most brutal and forgotten conflicts."
"Mobile network operator O2 has completed a deal with Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo which will allow it to market 3G rival i-Mode services in the UK, Germany and Ireland."
A broken collarbone has ruined another season for Detroit Lions wide receiver Charles Rogers.
"The second round of talks between the Sudanese government and two rebel groups on the Darfur crisis concluded on Wednesday in the Nigerian capital Abuja, China Radio International reported Thursday."
"It may be early in the Big East Conference race, but the winner of Thursday night #39;s Syracuse-West Virginia game (7:30 pm ET, ESPN) will be the favorite and control its own destiny in terms "
"CASTEL GANDOLFO, Italy - Pope John Paul (news - web sites) II warned in a statement released Sunday that humanity #39;s speedy progress in science and technology risks overlooking moral values, citing with particular concern experiments in human cloning."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it  plans to declare force majeure to its customers due to a  temporary shutdown at its Jamalco refinery in Jamaica and  damage to the port from which the plant ships its alumina  caused by Hurricane Ivan."
"AP - One morning 20 years ago, Alec Jeffreys stumbled upon DNA fingerprinting, identifying the patterns of genetic material that are unique to almost every individual. The discovery revolutionized everything from criminal investigations to family law."
ATHENS - Jamaican Veronica Campbell became the first Jamaican and Caribbean woman ever to win an Olympic sprint gold when she captured the 200 metres at the 2004 Athens Olympics yesterday.
The government has spent \$2.3 million in the past 4 years to study something that critics say has nothing to do with science.
"World Bank head James Wolfensohn has backed Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s political shake-up criticised by many Western nations as limiting democracy, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday."
"A union representing nearly 6,000 US Airways workers yesterday said it has struck a tentative concession deal with the airline, easing the likelihood "
NewsFactor - Open source and Linux provider Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT) has announced the appointment of Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) executive Karen Tegan-Padir as vice president of desktop infrastructure technologies.
"Customers in search of a cheap airfare, antiques or a stock trade can scan the Web for good deals. But when it comes time for companies to buy group insurance policies, they #39;ve largely "
Turkmen president moves the remains of his family to a newly-built mausoleum in his home village.
"MARK COLVIN: Another announcement on Arabic TV, another brutal execution and again those doing their best to rebuild Iraq are being either killed or terrified into leaving."
 LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell and government  bonds rose on Monday following an attack on a U.S. consulate in  Saudi Arabia and as Friday's weak U.S. jobs data continued to  chip away at economic confidence.
"OPENWORLD, SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Oracle (NASDAQ:ORCL) today announced evidence of strong support for its content management offering through partnerships with leading technology "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - AstraZeneca Plc &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AZN.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said U.S. regulators did not approve its anti-clotting  drug Exanta."
roundup Plus: Appeals court to rehear e-mail snoop case...Macromedia giving away Flex...T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots.
The International Air Transport Association is forecasting  quot;significantly quot; narrower losses for the global airline industry this year as reduced costs and rising demand for air travel help counter higher fuel prices.
"KALPAKKAM: India on Saturday urged the West to remove blocks on the transfer of critical nuclear technology, offering an assurance that New Delhi had effective tools to prevent proliferation."
GLOBAL media giant News Corp succumbed to intense institutional pressure yesterday and agreed to retain its full foreign listing on the Australian Stock Exchange if shareholders approved the company #39;s proposal to shift to the United States.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eli Lilly and Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LLY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;LLY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said its third-quarter earnings rose as a drop in sales of its  best selling schizophrenia medication was offset by demand for  drugs to treat depression and impotence."
Trip comes two days after Paris JCC torched by anti-Semites. Will meet senior government officials and Jewish leaders. Shalom will arrive in France only two days after a Jewish Community Center was torched in eastern Paris.
LONDON (AFP) - Chelsea reclaimed the top spot in the Premiership with an emphatic 4-1 victory over Fulham as champions Arsenal edged a 5-4 thriller against Tottenham.
"Captials prospect Alexander Ovechkin leads five different goalscorers as Russian edges the touring NHL World Stars, 5-4, in Moscow on Saturday."
"A few weeks back, I had a pretty dim view of Twinkie and Wonder Bread maker, Interstate Bakeries (NYSE: IBC). I even suggested -- shudder -- that the firm might "
"Talks to avoid a crippling strike at British Airways will resume on Friday  with unions and the airline ""hopeful"" of reaching a deal."
"The NBA tips off its new season as the defending champions, the Detriot Pistons, overpowered the Houston Rockets 87-79. Rasheed Wallace led the offensive, scoring 24 points while "
"p2pnet.net OT News:- A  quot;cold landscape carved by winds and perhaps puddled with organic lakes quot;.  quot;The take-home message, although preliminary, is that Titan may be sculpted by fierce winds and cradle vast lakes of organic chemicals."
"Reuters - British rock band Marillion has gone a step further. Since\striking off on its own in 2000, the band has used its online\site, http://marillion.com, to raise over 500,000 pounds\( #36;913,200) from fans to finance its last two albums and support\its first North American tour since 1995."
"NEW YORK - A federal judge ordered Martha Stewart on Tuesday to surrender for prison by Oct. 8, granting the celebrity homemaker's request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale..."
ATHENS -- Mia Hamm will carry the flag for the US in tonight's closing ceremonies after being chosen in a vote of team members.
"A new worm can spy on users by hijacking their Web cameras, a security firm warned Monday. The Rbot.gr worm -- the latest in a long line of similar worms; one security firm estimates that more "
"Ray Evernham was fighting the thick air of tension with every step on pit road. Up ahead, Mark Martin sat in his car ready to vomit -- but more on that later."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's government said on Monday it had  not captured the most wanted Saddam Hussein aide still on the  run, in an embarrassing climbdown a day after top officials  reported he had been seized in a raid by Iraqi forces."
The Bush administration is preparing a strategy for resumed Mideast peacemaking that rests heavily on an emerging core of Palestinian leaders taking charge of keeping order and nurturing an embryonic government.
A loud explosion rattled central Baghdad on Tuesday and a cloud of smoke could be seen rising close to the Green Zone government and diplomatic compound.
WORLD No.3 Ernie Els may feel like a hunted man this week when he takes on a largely unknown field in the Dunhill Championship at the Leopard Creek Country Club in South Africa.
"Accredo Health Inc. (ACDO), which provides pharmacy and treatment services for patients with chronic illnesses, on Monday slashed its profit forecast due to lower reimbursements from government "
"Sydney - Coral reefs around the world could grow by up to a third because of rising ocean temperatures, according to a new Australian study which turns on its head the long-held theory that global warming is killing the reefs."
"AP - They play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the Brazilians and Germans. And, for the U.S. men's soccer team, that's good  #151; very good."
"BESLAN, Russia -- Wailing and pounding their hands on dirt graves, hundreds of people dressed in black marked the end of the traditional 40-day mourning period for the children and adults killed after terrorists seized a school on the first day of classes."
Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that its losses jumped for the first half of the fiscal year as the Japanese automaker struggled to recover from an auto-defect scandal that has sent sales plunging.
"Air Canada has been cleared for take-off. An Ontario court judge approved the battered airline #39;s restructuring plan, and the company could emerge from bankruptcy protection as early as Sept."
It has been an extraordinarily eventful month for tycoon Wilbur L Ross. A few weeks ago the 67-year-old money manager turned steel baron married for the third time and friends predicted he would soon be slowing down to enjoy the  #39;finer #39; things of life.
Russian prosecutors have issued an arrest warrant for Yukos #39; chief lawyer and arrested another executive from the oil firm on suspicion of embezzlement.
Microsoft #39;s channel partners are getting set to put out fires when Windows XP Service Pack 2 becomes available to consumers over the Windows Update service on Wednesday. 
"COLES Myer chief John Fletcher yesterday declared the company on track to reach \$800 million in annual profit by 2006 after handing down the highest result in the company #39;s history, with all key divisions firing."
"Tokyo stocks closed mixed on Monday, but the strength of bank and auto maker issues helped the broader market index eke out gains for a 10th straight day - the longest upswing in 14 years."
A device that can record and play back video to and from videotapes (video cassettes). A trademark and industry standard for the tape format used in VCRs.
"A task force led by the U.S. Surgeon General is still drafting its report on drug importation, but one conclusion is already clear: Savvy shoppers can find cheaper prescription drugs in American pharmacies."
"More than 15,000 species, from sharks to frogs to fir trees, are facing extinction and the total is rising faster than ever before."
"THE HAGUE, NOV 7: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday made a fervent appeal to Left parties to understand the compulsions that necessitated the hike in oil prices."
An attempt to block the Bush administration's proposed changes in overtime rules was killed before the 2005 spending bill received final congressional approval over the weekend.
AP - LPGA Tour rookie Brandi Jackson shot a 6-under 66 on Friday and held a one-stroke lead in the rain-delayed opening round of the Safeway Classic.
"Ona giant H amp;M billboard at 31st Street and 10th Avenue in Manhattan, Karl Lagerfeld looms like a stern Inquisitor, wearing a black frock coat, white collar, dark glasses and an expression "
Inspectors will assess London #39;s bid for the 2012 Olympics during a visit to the capital early in 2005. The International Olympic Committee said its evaluation commission will be in London from 16 to 19 February.
"LONDON - British police charged eight terrorist suspects Tuesday of conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or explosives to cause ""fear or injury"" in a case involving an alleged top al-Qaida operative at the center of a U.S. terror alert this month..."
"Merck  amp; Co. said the US Food and Drug Administration has requested additional safety and efficacy information on its Vioxx successor, Arcoxia, before it considers granting US approval for the drug."
"The votes won't be counted for another four days, but that's not stopping mathematicians, online bettors and traditional pollsters from trying to predict a Bush or Kerry victory. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Early results from Indonesia's first direct presidential poll put ex-general Susilo Yudhoyono on course to win easily.
"Today may be a dark day for Canada and its national sport, but the country #39;s favorite sons lit up the night last evening. On the eve of an almost certain National Hockey League lockout "
"Struggling doughnut shop chain Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported an unexpected quarterly net loss because of impairment charges and store closing costs."
"The 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an Internet browser, a radio, video playback and streaming and recording capabilities, the company said."
"LOS ANGELES: San Francisco have denied the Los Angeles Dodgers a division title, with a 4-2 Major League Baseball triumph that kept the Giants in the thick of the National League playoff race."
Microsoft's  founder is expected to detail the company's plan for computer management software and announce a long-awaited Windows update tool.
"AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin made a pre-dawn visit to pay his respects to the 250 dead and hundreds of wounded from a horrific battle between security forces and heavily-armed militants holding 1,000 hostages at a school."
Space shuttle astronauts will fly next year without the ability to repair in orbit the type of damage that destroyed the Columbia vehicle in February 2003.
Intel has introduced a new addition to its line of budget Celerons and a new chipset. The new products will spearhead its attack on the Christmas market with a view to fending off the challenge of AMDs new Sempron range.
"LAKE PLACID, NY (CP) - The Canadian women #39;s hockey team drew inspiration from its gold-medal performance at the Olympics to beat the US 2-1 and win the Four Nations Cup on Sunday."
"The Transportation Security Administration has announced a series of IT-based pilot programs to bolster airport security, but lawmakers and industry executives are frustrated by a lack of progress in deploying needed technologies."
"AP - Mount St. Helens stewed in volcanic gases and low-level earthquakes Sunday, with crowds of eager tourists hoping to glimpse an eruption that scientists said could happen immediately or take a few weeks."
" quot;I #39;m going to a club with a lot of history and a great present, quot; Alonso told a press conference here in the presence of Real Sociedad president Jose Luis Astiarzan."
SYDNEY : Global mining giant BHP Billiton posted the biggest net profit in Australian corporate history as soaring commodities prices and strong demand from China pushed net profit up 83 percent to 3.51 billion US dollars. 
"Hoping to avoid a situation like that in Pennsylvania , representatives of the Ohio Turnpike Commission and unionized workers are continuing contract negotiations."
"Reuters - U.S. industrial output advanced in\July, as American factories operated at their highest capacity\in more than three years, a Federal Reserve report on Tuesday\showed."
"Fleetwood Enterprises Inc., a maker of recreational vehicles and manufactured homes, said Tuesday that first-quarter profits rose sharply due to strong sales in its motor homes and housing segments."
"PC World - Our favorite genre-busters will roll, creep, slither, bounce, and wriggle their way into your free time--if you give them a try."
"MUNICH, Germany : European Ryder Cup captain Bernard Langer said he plumped for Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald as wild cards, and not Swede Fredrik Jacobson, because he thought they would perform better at the Oakland Hills golf course."
Reuters - Kenya's Wangari Maathai urged a fight\against deforestation on Wednesday on her arrival in Oslo to\collect the Nobel Peace Prize amid controversy about whether\the award has lost its way by embracing environmentalism.
"Berkeley, CA -- JJ Arrington ran for 188 yards and a touchdown on 30 carries to lead seventh-ranked California over 20th-ranked Arizona State, 27-0, at Memorial Stadium."
"AP - As expected, Joe Gibbs went with the veteran quarterback."
"Questions company's 'one country, one store' restriction"
"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and his wife, Doris, have adopted a 3-year-old Russian girl, German newspapers have reported. "
"The average unpatched Windows PC lasts less than 20 minutes on the Internet before it #39;s compromised, according to data from the Internet Storm Center. "
" UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan has warned the United States, Britain and Iraq that an  assault on Falluja risked further dividing the Iraqi people and  undermining planned January elections."
"LONDON, Sept 30 (AFP) - Oil prices resumed their march towards 50 dollars in New York on Thursday even as peace talks were set to resume in major producer Nigeria and following an unexpected rise in US crude inventories."
"After watching nearly every other semiconductor manufacturer produce their x86 64-bit chips, VIA Technologies has come to the table."
AP - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond their deep opposition to the Iraq war and get behind his vision of democracies blooming from Baghdad to the West Bank.
Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. said Sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
"At an EU-China Summit on Wednesday, the EU said now was not the time to lift its arms embargo on China. However, EU leaders held out the prospect of ending the ban perhaps next year, despite opposition from the US."
"The California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday upheld a \$12.1 million fine against Cingular Wireless, related to a two-year investigation into the cellular telephone company #39;s business practices."
ATHENS -- Marion Jones returned to the Olympic track last night to do what she does best -- sprint.
It signalled this in no uncertain terms when oil prices fell below US\$50 (\$83) mark on Monday. US light crude dipped to US\$49 at one point before ending at US\$49.
"The first battle lines were drawn today with six directors of Reliance Energy Limited (REL) resigning. REL is run by Vice Chairman of Reliance Industries Limited, Anil Ambani."
"JOHANNESBURG : South Africa #39;s Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. said it would bid for control of Gold Fields Ltd, valuing it at 8.1 billion dollars (6."
"The Bush administration Tuesday upheld a decision to impose penalty tariffs on shrimp imported from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers from Florida and other states."
"Andrew Flintoff struck 104 to guide England to a defendable 251 for seven in the Champions Trophy Group D decider with Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl, Southampton on Saturday."
"AFP - Shares in China's largest personal computer-maker Lenovo fell in Hong Kong trade, as they resumed trading after the company's purchase of American IBM's PC-making business."
Intel is teaming up with telecommunications pioneer Craig McCaw to develop new wireless technology for Internet access.
"Each time the runners approached the starting blocks, the chants would begin again, a defiant show of support for their fallen hero."
"Several players outplayed Vijay Singh on Sunday, but nobody outlasted him at the 86th P.G.A. Championship."
Hong Kong residents voted on Sunday in a legislative election seen as a referendum on greater democracy and a test of popularity for China #39;s communist rulers in the former British colony.
Scientists are claiming that the unprecedented ferocity and frequency of the hurricanes that have battered the Caribbean this year can be blamed on one factor: the unexpectedly warm water that has been building up in the Atlantic over the past year.
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephone  provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for  their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month,  the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market."
"Reuters - Pfizer Inc.  on Wednesday said\third-quarter earnings rose on higher sales of cholesterol and\arthritis drugs, but the company cautioned that 2005 results\will likely be hurt by generic competition for four other\popular medicines."
"In an effort to avoid bankruptcy Delta Air Lines Inc. announced that it is eliminating  7,000 jobs, closing its Texas hub and seeking wage concessions from its pilots."
 LONDON (Reuters) - A late equalizer from Pape Bouba Diop  gave Fulham a 1-1 draw at home to Manchester United on Monday  and prevented Alex Ferguson's team from moving back into to the  thick of the Premier League title race.
"An engrossing opening day, played on a pitch as slow as a bank queue, ended in favour of an Australian side rescued from its own excesses by an intrepid partnership between a "
"BELGIUM BRUSSELS -- Officials said the European Union will provide up to \$125 million to back African peacekeepers in Darfur, as the United Nations warned yesterday that crucial relief convoys are in danger. Gunmen in Darfur are attacking relief convoys, civilians, and African villagers, the UN's World Food Program said in a statement yesterday. ''The security situation in all three ..."
Promoting free trade does not have to be complex; it is best achieved by limiting government intervention through tariffs and subsidies.
"LONDON - Eight men accused of plotting to commit murder and cause mayhem with radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or explosives appeared in court Wednesday in a case linked to a U.S. terror alert this month..."
The last six stages of the Tour of Spain are set for sparks to fly in the battle for the final triumph in Madrid next Sunday. Roberto Heras leads by only 
The fourth round of the African Union sponsored peace talks on Darfur to find a solution to the 22-months old crisis resumed in Abuja yesterday amidst continued violence in the Sudanese region.
"Norway has temporarily closed its embassy in Latvia for security reasons, the country #39;s foreign ministry said on Monday. But Oslo insisted the measure was not motivated by a new US terror warning for the Baltic state."
"THE British-Iraqi aid executive Margaret Hassan, kidnapped by rebels in Iraq, was feared dead today, as US-led forces swept into the flashpoint city of Mosul in a renewed offensive against insurgents."
David Beckham thanks better enforcement of the 10-metre rule and a slice of good fortune for the recent return of his free-kick prowess.
"The No. 1 player takes the Chrysler lead and is in position to tie Tiger Woods for victories in a season. By BOB HARIG, Times Staff Writer."
Reuters - Mario Ancic and Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia beat fifth-seeded Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes of India 7-6 (7-5) 4-6 16-14 in the men's doubles bronze medal match at the Olympic Games on Friday.
"Retail sales rose more than expected in October and at their sharpest pace in three months, a survey has shown. The Confederation of British Industry said on Tuesday 37 percent of firms "
Reuters - An Iranian exile group accused Tehran on\Friday of using advanced laser technology to secretly enrich\uranium and of lying to the United Nations nuclear watchdog\body about the covert program.
"International aid workers kept a low profile today after the brazen daylight kidnapping of a British woman and two other foreign UN election staff in the Afghan capital, Kabul."
"IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says."
SAN FRANCISCO-Nokia Corp. #39;s development program plans to use CTIA #39;s Wireless IT  amp; Entertainment show to unveil a worldwide initiative designed to make it easier for developers to bring mobile content and applications to market.
"ATHENS (Reuters) - The Olympic hosts are winning rave reviews after the first week of the Athens Games, with foreign visitors expressing delight with the friendly, clean and well-organised Greek capital. "
"The unbeaten Golden Gophers led Michigan by three touchdowns with a quarter left, yet lost 38-35.  quot;Do you really think that I have to remind them we blew a 21-point lead in the fourth quarter against Michigan last year?"
Beleaguered Russian oil company Yukos said yesterday that it had reduced its crude output forecast for the year as bailiffs continued to collect cash against 
"AFP - Leading shares closed in negative ground, while Wall Street was looking for direction over mixed data on the state of the US economy, dealers said."
&lt;strong&gt;Site news&lt;/strong&gt; All the news - just how you like it
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and the United States closed a round of defense talks in Seoul on Friday aimed at scheduling a reduction of US troops on the Korean peninsula without agreeing on the timeline of the realignment. 
"One of the proverbial back stories of IT operations has always been the battle between the ""suits"" and the ""techies."" From the techie point of view, the hapless but disturbingly powerful suits are the business guys who put more thought into picking out hundred-dollar silk ties at Nordstrom than they put into million-dollar IT decisions. Worse, the suits gravitate towards outsourcing and service firms that implement big-dollar solutions. Many techies start on the other end of the spectrum with free open source solutions that reflect a substantial DIY ethic. Will the twain ever meet?"
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. and  Qwest Communications International Inc. asked a federal court  on Tuesday to block temporary rules by the U.S. Federal  Communications Commission forcing the companies to lease phone  lines to rivals for at least another six months.
"South Korea #39;s top diplomat said Friday that the Gando Convention, signed about a century ago between China #39;s Qing Dynasty and imperial Japan on the dominion of the disputed Gando region, was null and void, #39; #39; at least by law."
"In its annual predictions for the upcoming year, IDC predicted that worldwide IT spending would grow 6.1 in 2005, a year that will be marked by ""enormous turbulence"" as well as significant consolidation and realignment in several key sectors."
"A flaw in Microsoft Word 2000, and possibly Word 2002, could be used by hackers to crash PCs or run other code on the compromised machine."
"Powell will  quot;hold discussions with senior officials in the three countries on bilateral matters, regional security and stability, and issues such as the global war on terrorism, Iraq, North Korea and the six-party talks, quot; it said."
"USATODAY.com - Pitching again through pain and seeping blood, Curt Schilling helped Boston move halfway to snaring its most elusive prize: a first World Series title in 86 years. Backed by another big hit from surprising Mark Bellhorn and unfazed by a defense that made four more errors, Red Sox beat St. Louis 6-2 Sunday to take a commanding 2-0 lead."
"YANGON, Myanmar - Myanmar #39;s military government said Thursday that it will release 5,311 prisoners in addition to almost 4,000 whose planned release was announced last week."
"Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. and department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. said Wednesday that they agreed to merge in an \$11 billion cash and stock deal that will create the nation #39;s third largest "
"a limousine driver -sed his cell phone #39;s camera to snap photos of the robber and the robber #39;s truck, police said."
"Peter Hartz, as chairman of a commission to overhaul Germany's economy, became synonymous with far-reaching, often unpopular, reforms."
"CHAPEL HILL - It took less than three minutes for the goalposts to come down and on the eve of Halloween, the Tar Heels served a special brew to the Miami Hurricanes."
"CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vancouver Canucks captain Markus Naslund won #39;t be heading home to Sweden to play hockey after all, according to a report."
Spain's Football Federation launches an investigation into racist comments made by national coach Luis Aragones.
The music industry has fired the first shot in its legal battle with internet file sharers after winning a court order forcing internet service providers to hand over 
"The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc."
"THE board of investment bank Lazard meets today to consider a float on Wall Street that could value the firm at 1.7bn, according to reports."
"The board of Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos will halt crude supplies to Baltic refinery Mazeikiu Nafta until the end of the year, the Interfax agency reported Monday - just hours after Yukos confirmed a similar move involving a Chinese company."
Not all of the cable company's broadband subscribers got a recent hike in bandwidth.
"The BBC's digital radio services must remain distinctive from rivals to ensure a ""healthy"" market, a report says."
Adam LaRoche crushed a game-tying three-run homer and JD Drew slapped a ninth-inning RBI single to give the Braves a 6-5 comeback victory over the Houston Astros on Sunday.
"Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Alexandre Despatie of Canada was the top qualifier as he moved into the semifinals of the men #39;s 3-meter springboard diving competition on Monday."
"was enough to ensure he would be able to govern. Vazquez declared himself winner a few hours. after compulsory voting ended in the nation of 3.4 million, and his two challengers conceded."
It is now more than obvious that developments in Myanmar have taken a sad turn. The harden- ing of the junta #39;s position does not augur well for future United Nations involvement.
"Reuters - U.S. computer giant Apple  is\locked in a cybersquatting battle with a 22-year-old British\Internet whiz kid over the itunes.co.uk Web Site, a domain the\company wants for its chain of iTunes online music stores."
"Insects in the UK are less common than many of us think, a simple test by birdlovers suggests."
SEATTLE Rashard Lewis scored a season-high 37 points and Ray Allen added 26 as Seattle whipped the Los Angeles Lakers 108-to-93. Lewis scored 17 points in the first quarter and had 22 by the break to help 
TechWeb - Six Apart released a new version of its popular blogging software only three months after Movable Type 3.0.
TORONTO - Nortel Networks said Friday it has hired consulting firm Accenture to help it revamp its financial organization. Accenture will review elements of Nortel Networks global finance organization and 
"Kim made a charge on the back nine Sunday, shooting a 6-under 65 at the Longs Drugs Challenge for a one-shot victory over Karrie Webb."
The Recording Industry Association of America filed the copyright infringement suits against 750 computer users across the country -- including 25 university students.
"Mark Ontonio Kelly, 20, is accused of killing the 14-year-old in the early hours of last Saturday as she returned home with friends from Nottinghams annual Goose Fair."
"Forbes.com - In an August memo typed from his hospital bed, Steve Jobs--Apple's chief executive, patriarch and media impresario--let his employees know he would be out for a month to recover from surgery to remove a rare form of pancreatic cancer. Patients with this type of cancer, called an islet cell neuroendocrine tumor, have a 90 survival rate, especially if treated early. Apple says Jobs is due back in September."
"Still in beta form, new browser allows you to view pages as they would appear in IE."
"Michael K. Powell, the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, has been at the forefront of efforts to get consumers to buy high-definition TVs."
Finance ministers and central bankers of the Group of 20 countries (G20) kicked off a two-day meeting here Saturday to assess the current economic situation and global growth prospects.
Jerry Zovko #39;s contract with Blackwater USA looked straightforward: He would earn \$600 a day guarding convoys that carried food for US troops in Iraq.
"A group of Iraqi children had just run across to US troops for sweets at a neighbourhood celebration in Baghdad when the first of three bombs exploded, killing at least 35 youngsters."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Health insurance premiums rose five  times faster than U.S. workers' salaries this year, according  to a survey released on Thursday that also showed slippage in  the percentage of American workers covered by employer health  plans."
"Accommodating large patch sets in Linux is expected to mean forking off of the 2.7 version of the platform to accommodate these changes, according to Andrew Morton, lead maintainer of the Linux kernel for Open Source Development Labs (OSDL)."
"Kretschmer, a two-time 1,000-yard rusher and a preseason candidate for the Doak Walker award, did not start due to a knee problem and finished with just seven yards on four carries...Nevada was picked fifth in the WAC #39;s preseason poll, while Louisiana "
"USATODAY.com - Carolyn Ramsay couldn't figure out why she couldn't fit more digital pictures into her Apple iBook laptop. So she brought it to the Apple Store here, where one of the resident technicians - called ""Geniuses"" - found a quick solution."
"AP - House Republican leaders on Friday easily pushed through sweeping new law enforcement powers as part of a Sept. 11 anti-terrorism package, but the House now must negotiate a truce with the Senate on those measures to get President Bush's signature before the elections."
Bryant closed out the Texas Open with a 3-under 67 on Sunday to claim his first PGA Tour victory by 3 strokes over Patrick Sheehan.
AFP - Sterling bulked up some by the end of the session. Earlier the pound had been on the backfoot after softer than expected inflation numbers for August cemented expectations that the Bank of England's rate-setting Monetary Policy Committee may not raise the cost of borrowing too much further from its current 4.75 percent.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toll Brothers Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TOL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TOL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said quarterly profit nearly doubled and raised its outlook for  the new fiscal year, citing strong demand for its luxury homes."
\A team of astronomers steps up a project which one day could preserve the Earth from annihilation.
"Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has completed a major overhaul of its storage management software, updating and packaging its products into one  quot;integrated, intelligent quot; line."
"Anastasia Myskina and Nikolay Davydenko won singles championships at the Kremlin Cup yesterday, then teamed with compatriots to capture the women #39;s and men #39;s doubles finals for a Russian sweep of all four titles."
A competing chip from rival Advanced Micro Devices will likely arrive several months earlier.
"BEVERLY -- It's clear just from the title that a race like the ''Mountain Masochist Trail Run quot; isn't for everyone. It takes a certain kind of individual -- energetic, undaunted, determined -- to traverse 50 miles of wooded terrain in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, virtually nonstop, for fun."
USATODAY.com - Washington's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely Wednesday as its move to the nation's capital teetered on the brink of collapse. The decision by major league baseball followed the D.C. Council's decision Tuesday to require private financing for at least half the cost of building a new stadium.
"New Delhi, Nov. 3. (PTI): President APJ Abdul Kalam is leaving today for Abu Dhabi to offer condolences to ruling family, Government and people of UAE on the demise of President Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al-Nahayan."
"Construction manager Kimball Diamond often works thousands of miles from his Burlingame, Calif., office. So he didn't mind paying \$19.95 a month for a service that let him remotely control his office computer over the Internet."
"DETROIT Despite a crop of new car models and a generous supply of rebates, sales fell for Ford Motor and General Motors in November."
"Reuters - The judge considering Microsoft\Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has convened a\closed meeting for Thursday after two more major opponents of\the U.S. software giant withdrew from the case, a court\spokesman said on Wednesday."
"China has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said."
The Russians are heading back to the US while struggling Slovakia has drawn Canada for the quarter-finals of the World Cup of Hockey.
"Investors cheered a final verdict on the outcome of the presidential race, leaving behind their fears of a 2000-style election and boosting markets, especially stocks perceived to benefit from a continued Bush administration. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Nov. 14: Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz will formally put forward General Pervez Musharrafs proposals for Kashmir when he arrives here later this month.
Three companies accused of falsely advertising multimillion-dollar estate sales and auctions of property seized by the federal government or county sheriffs have signed settlement agreements with Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly.
"Brazil launches its first rocket into space,14 months after a deadly accident killed 21 people."
"AP - In another twist to Google Inc.'s public stock offering, the Internet search company said federal regulators have opened an informal inquiry into its failure to register millions of shares."
"Shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm IDC said Wednesday."
"Hog and pork producer Smithfield Foods Inc. (SFD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said quarterly earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and the acquisition last year of Farmland Foods."
Not buying it. Megafinancier Carl Icahn has made it clear: He #39;s still opposed to Mylan Laboratories #39; (nyse: MYL - news - people ) proposed acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals (nyse: KG - news - people ). Despite 
"TOKYO -- Cisco Systems will open a Tokyo-based research and development center focusing on Internet software and routing technologies in February 2005, the company said in a statement on Thursday."
Eight Arctic countries agreed on small steps to brake a rapid thaw of the region on Wednesday with indigenous peoples accusing Washington of 
"ROME, Aug 27 (AFP) - Russian Patriarch Alexy II blasted the Roman Catholic and Protestant Churches Friday for proselytising in traditionally Orthodox areas of the former Soviet Union, even as the Vatican handed over a precious icon to his Orthodox Church."
"A shrinking pool of young adults, a dearth of international students and a tight job market are reducing demand for traditional, two-year master of business administration programs across the country."
Lauren Jackson and the Seattle Storm have forced the WNBA Finals against the Connecticut Sun to a decisive game after a nail-biting 67-65 victory on Sunday.
"SALISBURY, Md. -- The 11 News I-Team has uncovered more information in connection with the drunken driving arrest of Olympic swim star Michael Phelps."
"The Walt Disney Company #39;s multimillion-dollar contract with Michael S. Ovitz was unreasonable and one of the most generous ever, a compensation expert testified yesterday."
"Colombia's main rebel group asked followers to mount an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to Colombia last week, Defense Minister Jorge Uribe said. There was no evidence Saturday that rebels even tried to organize such an attack."
The vote by the shareholders of world number four gold miner Harmony on the group #39;s bid for rival Gold Fields on late Friday morning is crucial to the continuation of Harmony #39;s daring bid.
"By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Vaccinating children against chickenpox saves the U.S. health care system nearly \$100 million a year in reduced hospitalizations for severe cases of the itchy disease, a study found..."
"Fidelity Investments hasn #39;t given up its opposition to a rule that requires the boards of mutual funds to have an independent chair, and the senior US senator from New Hampshire is backing that effort."
Reuters - Privately held Copernic\Technologies on Tuesday released free desktop search software\ahead of expected offerings from Microsoft Corp.  and\others in a move some see as a test of the product's market\viability.
VODAFONE chief executive Arun Sarin today promised to return more cash to shareholders in the form of bigger dividends or share buybacks.
"OTTAWA (CP) - Wholesale sales grew for the sixth consecutive month in August, Statistics Canada says. Sales were up by 0.7 per cent from July in part because of a surge in sales of machinery and electronic equipment."
"Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs yesterday expressed displeasure with a pair of officiating calls in Washington #39;s 21-18 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night, and the NFL responded by conceding its crew made two mistakes."
"HOUSTON - The ball sailed inches over the head of Jeff Bagwell for ball four. The Astros first baseman said something to Cardinals pitcher Julian Tavarez , who yelled something back."
" PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - In a ceremony full of pageantry and  hope, King Norodom Sihamoni ascended the Cambodian throne on  Friday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying  to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past."
"Cisco Systems Inc., the world #39;s largest maker of computer-networking equipment, formed an alliance with Fujitsu Ltd. to increase sales to Japanese telephone carriers."
"Search Engine Marketing Research\\Search engine marketing success comes from good research. By applying research to understand your competition and target audience, your optimization efforts will succeed. Remember when homework from school often required some research on your part to complete? It is much the same scenario for search engine marketing: ..."
"How big is your key ring? There are the house keys, of course, and the car keys and the little fob for unlocking the doors from 30 feet away."
"The Boston Red Sox manager worked as the bench coach for the Athletics last season, and still has many friends in the other clubhouse -- and during a September pennant race, he just can #39;t deal with any personal distractions."
Wall Street stocks fell modestly Monday as the volatile crude oil prices pressured on the stocks while uncertainty over economic growth and electronic overshadowed the market.
"CHICAGO -- From the moment the Pirates saw the flags flapping in a 16 mph breeze toward left field Wednesday afternoon, it had the makings of a long day at Wrigley Field."
"MIAMI - The Trillian instant messaging (IM) application will feature several enhancements in its upcoming version 3.0, including new video and audio chat capabilities, enhanced IM session logs and integration with the Wikipedia online encyclopedia, according to information posted Friday on the product developer's Web site."
"Siemens AG, Germany #39;s biggest engineering company, denied it is in talks with potential venture partners for its troubled mobile-phone business, which sustained losses in the quarter through June."
Emergency supplies from the Red Crescent in Iraq have arrived in the Fallujah. It #39;s the first batch of humanitarian aid transported to Fallujah since the US forces launched 
"Mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson has reported a steep year-on-year incline in revenues for the third quarter, as the public appetite for sophisticated handsets heightens."
"OAKLAND, Calif. - Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in his return to the Red Sox lineup after missing four games with a jammed right pinkie to start Boston's 7-1 win over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night..."
"It's acceptable for consumers to use software that edits out nudity or bad language from a DVD movie -- but they had better leave the commercials and promotional announcements in, according to legislation adopted by the House of Representatives this week. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"Favored Prince Arch overcame a bump with Good Reward in upper stretch to rally for a resolute victory by a head over Mustanfar in the closing-day \$108,200 Saranac Handicap (gr."
Nairobi - Kenya #39;s fight against corruption suffered a blow on Monday after the chairperson of the new Kenya Anti-Corruption Advisory Board (KACC) resigned in protest at interference in its affairs by President Mwai Kibaki.
"NEW BEDFORD -- Archbishop Williams tricaptain Katie Kelly supplied a pair of rapid-fire goals in the final five minutes of the first half, igniting the sixth-seeded Bishops to a 3-1 win over Hopkinton in the Division 3 South girls' soccer final yesterday."
"AP - A proposal to let more lawmakers see income tax returns is going to stay alive into December, thanks to Democratic complaints over how the one-sentence provision was stuffed into a gargantuan spending bill."
"BERLIN : Rumours of a possible tie-up between French defence electronics group Thales and the European Aeronautic, Defence and Space Company (EADS) are to be discussed by the German and French economy ministers later this week, a German government "
"Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis touched down in South Bend, Ind., last night and met with his new team, the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame."
"InfoWorld - MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- #160; Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance here Friday at the Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry."
"It #39;s that time of year, the suspenseful countdown to October when Kevin Millar, the Texas rally rustler, whips up a way to inspire the Red Sox as if they were defending the Alamo."
"MOSUL, Iraq, Oct 11 (AFP) - Two Iraqis and a US soldier were killed and 27 others wounded in a suicide car bomb attack Monday against a military convoy in the northern city of Mosul, medics and the US military said."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices surged nearly 6 percent on  Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a fall in heating oil  stocks in the midst of the season's first arctic cold blast in  the Northeast.
A 49th-minute header by Moroccan defender Talal El Karkouri gave Charlton Athletic a 1-0 home win over Blackburn Rovers on Monday that lifted the London club to seventh in the Premier League.
"1. KURT BUSCH. He has posted 12 straight top-15 finishes, including six straight top-10 finishes. He is coming off a fifth-place finish at Martinsville, Va."
"At least 33 miners have been killed in a gas explosion at a Chinese coal mine northern Shanxi province. 71 miners were in the mine when the blast exploded, the officials said."
"AMD, Dell, Intel, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems have joined forces on Web Services Management, a new specification that promises to simplify systems management."
They #39;re tearing around the bases with a World Series sheen until they cross home plate and walk to the dugout and the blur subsides and you recognize that clothing.
It disrupted a network allegedly used to illegally share copyrighted files and is making a series of arrests against purveyors of spam.
"LONDON, England -- Britain has agreed to a US request to redeploy about 850 troops to central Iraq, Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon told lawmakers."
Move will allow Cisco channel partners to monitor their enterprise customers' networks to provide better service and support.
"An alternate-reality game conceived as a marketing ploy is gaining a huge and obsessive following. Fans of I Love Bees stalk pay phones, organize mass salutes and even use the presidential debate to connect with each other. By Daniel Terdiman."
"SABMiller, the worlds third biggest brewer, poured out a strong interim trading performance yesterday - as it also said it had a potential warchest of up to \$2 billion (1.08bn) if a major acquisition opportunity occurred."
"Reuters - Two Italian women aid workers were\reported killed in Iraq and a British hostage pleaded for his\life after the killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage\crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq."
George W. Bush #39;s victory marks the political ascendancy of  #39; #39;red-state quot; America that backed him strongly four years ago but then served as veritable bulwark 
Finance ministers from the Group of 20 rich or emerging countries have wrapped up a two-day summit in Berlin without making explicit reference to the sagging value of the US dollar against the euro.
"You're at a dance club or shopping mall when you hear a great new song. So you pull out your cellphone, press a few keys, hold it up to the speakers, then press a few more keys. Now a digital recording of the song is on its way to your home computer, with the 99-cent charge added to your phone ..."
Hunger-striking Arab  quot;Palestinian quot; prisoners who fall ill will not be treated in Israel #39;s hospitals.  quot;I am not prepared for the lives of patients and medical teams in our hospitals to be endangered by admitting 
LONDON - Andriy Shevchenko scored twice as Ukraine won 3-0 in Turkey on Wednesday to put them in with a great chance of qualifying for the soccer World Cup for the first time.
"AP - In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel Corp. canceled plans Thursday to release a 4-gigahertz computer microprocessor, saying it would rely approaches besides faster clock speed to improve the performance of chips."
"Two prominent players and widely held stocks in the group, Merck (nyse: MRK - news - people ) and Pfizer (nyse: PFE - news - people ), have been especially battered of late."
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices ticked higher on Tuesday,  holding above \$42 a barrel as dealers awaited signs of any  renewed cold snap that would revive demand for winter heating  fuels in the United States."
Outstanding ROIC and market-beating performance go hand-in-hand for these stocks.
"British musician and peace activist formerly known as Cat Stevens, who changed his name to Yusuf Islam after conversion to Islam, has signaled a comeback."
"MSN Messenger, Microsoft's instant message service, is back up and running this morning after a routine maintenance operation went wrong, rendering the service sporadically unavailable for three days.\"
Nearly all its customers will be indemnified against claims that their use of Microsoft software infringed on any intellectual property claims.
Ilan Moscovsky was heading out of his apartment to buy vegetables in Tel Aviv #39;s Carmel Market Monday at the moment a 16-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber detonated himself.
" PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Bomb blasts rocked southern  Thailand on Friday as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra  promised to get to the bottom of the deaths of 78 Muslims in  military custody and punish any ""wrongdoers."""
"It came down to simple math. Three teams trying to squeeze into two slots. No computer printout, no voter bias, no pleas by coaches could solve that problem for the Bowl Championship Series."
"KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Interstate Bakeries Corp., the nation's largest wholesaler baker whose products include Twinkies and Wonder Bread, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection early Wednesday..."
"Retired running back Ricky Williams has no immediate plans to resume his NFL career with the Dolphins, his attorney said."
United Airlines is adding a \$15 fee for booking frequent-flier trips by telephone.
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - On the first official day of campaigning for the Jan. 30 elections in violence-racked Iraq, candidates were trying to figure out how to woo the voters."
"NASA #39;s redesigned space-shuttle fuel tanks no longer should shed dangerous pieces of foam when launches resume next spring, officials said yesterday."
"Ontario Finance Minister Greg Sorbara forecast the province will end the current fiscal year with aC\$2.2 billion (\$1.8 billion) budget deficit, unchanged from what he predicted in May."
"Video games that have players shoot rival gang members, watch bare-breasted women and recreate the assassination of President Kennedy were criticized Tuesday by advocacy "
WORLD No.1 Roger Federer put on a punishing display of power tennis to defeat Lleyton Hewitt 6-0 7-6 (7-3) 6-0 in the US Open men #39;s final today.
Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in Houston on Sunday.
"Reuters - U.S. blue-chips closed at six-week\highs on Friday, helped by reassuring consumer confidence data\and a bounce in technology stocks, but volume was extremely\thin before next week's Republican convention in New York City."
"SAN FRANCISCO - Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) is getting out of the chip-making business. The Palo Alto, California, company on Thursday announced that it reached an agreement with Intel Corp. that would see HP's Itanium processor design team move to Intel in January. The agreement effectively puts an end to the last microprocessor development effort within the company."
"The world #39;s first passenger service to space will start carrying fee-paying astronauts from 2007, say two entrepreneurs, although some are not so convinced with their ambitious time-frame."
Microsoft did recently announce that they are going to allow users to subscribe to the pre-alert alerts. Premium customers have been privileged to receive a heads up in advance of the actual Security Bulletins 
"Contract talks broke off today between the National Hockey League and its locked-out players union, leaving the sport a step closer to wiping out its whole season."
"Intel Corp. will likely add support for location-based services to its Pentium M line of mobile processors in 2006, a senior company executive said Monday."
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger revealed that he is still weighing up whether to defend his outspoken attack on Ruud van Nistelrooy as he looked to a bright future with his Carling Cup youngsters.
"Indianapolis Colts coach Tony Dungy is often characterized as the individual on the NFL's Competition Committee most responsible for getting the 5-yard chuck rule enforced this season. But in a conference call with Patriots media yesterday, Dungy said that wasn't the case."
Calculate race strategy and watch live telemetry from the first ever sessions of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices hugged \$50 a barrel on  Wednesday on worries of potential supply disruptions and with  U.S. crude inventories expected to fall due to the lingering  effects of Hurricane Ivan.
EUROPEAN Union finance ministers today pressed for action by the US to prop up the dollar as eurozone nations expressed their deep disquiet at the parlous state of America #39;s national finances.
"IN a dramatic turn of events to the ill-fated Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) #39;s fact-finding mission, the government on Tuesday night dumped the delegation at the Beitbridge border post, in defiance of a High Court order barring the "
"As many as 18 million Hotmail subscribers will be weaned Monday from a free service that lets them export e-mail to another mail client, under Microsoft MSN #39;s new spam-fighting plan."
" quot;As more and more retailers try to cash in on the online music scene, things are becoming increasingly befuddling for consumers -- especially for consumers who stray from the Apple iPod fold."
Television executive Brian Barwick was given the top job in English football on Thursday when he was appointed Football Association chief executive.
"Today's close passage of the relatively large asteroid, Toutatis, has presented astronomers with a new ruler to measure solar system distances. By using two telescopes separated by hundreds of miles, the classic parallax method validates the asteroid's orbital path..."
"An online photo album showing Navy SEALS with Iraqi prisoners prompts an investigation. A military prosecutor says they're simply evidence of juvenile behavior, but they may violate the Geneva Convention, which prohibits souvenir photos of prisoners of war."
"Carlos Ramos, assistant secretary at the California Health and Human Services Agency, said:  quot;The investigation is continuing but we have no idea if the personal information has been compromised."
Venezuela has announced a 16-point increase in the royalties payable by foreign oil companies operating in one of its richest oil fields.
"AFP - The United Nations will deploy thousands of troops in southern Sudan after an expected signing of a final peace accord by the Khartoum government and the southern rebel movement, a UN official said."
"Reuters - Hurricane Ivan ripped off\roofs and cut power across Barbados on Tuesday, lashing the\island with fierce winds but sparing it a direct hit as it\roared into the eastern Caribbean."
"British American Tobacco, the world #39;s second-biggest cigarette maker, has posted a 20 percent rise in nine-month profits, saying its wide brand portfolio and geographic spread have helped offset the strength of the pound."
The US military in Iraq says warplanes struck a building in Fallujah Wednesday that is alleged to be a safe house for wanted terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
"InfoWorld - SANTA CLARA, CALIF. -- Noting two evolving areas of software licensing, Microsoft is pondering how to license when multiple instances of an application are run on a single computer, but is not eyeing a plan for utility-based computing, in which charges are based on individual usage."
A Palestinian National Authority(PNA) senior official said Monday that the PNA welcomed a diplomatic reconciliation with Kuwait in a sign that the relations between the two sides were improving.
"For the here and now, it is the challenge of matching wits with Terry Francona that dominates Tony La Russa's thoughts in the World Series."
"False warnings about Iraq #39;s nuclear capabilities have undermined similar US claims about the dangers of Iran #39;s activities, a former chief weapons inspector has said."
"Every time I write a column about Apple, I get e-mail from people telling me they don #39;t have antivirus software and don #39;t run a firewall because Macs are inherently safer than PCs."
"Two drivers - Antonio Pizzonia and Nick Heidfeld -re chasing the final seat at the BMW Williams team and as everyone knows, two into one simply does not go."
" HAVANA (Reuters) - The European Union is considering a  shift in policy toward Cuba that would get it back on speaking  terms with President Fidel Castro's government, diplomats said."
"The NHL Players #39; Association is offering to cut player salaries by 24 per cent in a bid to end the lockout, but is not offering the salary cap the league has said it wants."
hype7 writes  quot;CNet #39;s News.com.com is reporting that AT amp;T is reconsidering its corporate IT investment in Microsoft Windows - with both Mac OS X and Linux being considered.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Holograms and kaleidoscopes of shimmering  colors will be part of Japan's latest hi-tech response to the  growing number of banknote counterfeiting cases troubling  authorities.
"Fred Hale Sr., believed to have been the oldest man on Earth, has died less than a month before his 114th birthday at a DeWitt, NY, nursing home."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei erased opening gains by  mid-morning on Monday as caution over the yen's rise offset  optimism about the post-election outlook for Wall Street.
"BAGHDAD A suicide car bomber killed seven people when he struck a checkpoint at Baghdads Green Zone early Tuesday, the second attack in two days at the district that houses Iraqs interim government and foreign embassies, officials said."
"Whatever problems Bayern Munich face in their quest for a European and domestic treble this season, a lack of self-belief is unlikely to figure among them."
Kenyan police seize 10 children from an evangelist's  home and quiz his wife over child-trafficking  allegations.
"(Sydney, Australia-AP) Oct. 20, 2004 - Australia #39;s government says it #39;s working with the British and Iraqi governments to help win the release of an aid worker kidnapped in Baghdad."
"AP - Cincinnati star quarterback Gino Guidugli broke a bone in his throwing hand when he slipped outside his home, and he might miss Saturday's game at No. 7 Louisville."
"FAIRFAX, Va. Dec 1, 2004 - Washington Redskins rookie safety Sean Taylor plans to call teammates as witnesses to say he was sober when he was arrested for drunken driving on Oct. 27."
 BERLIN (Reuters) - Boeing Co. Chief Executive Harry  Stonecipher said on Friday the U.S. aircraft maker's archrival  Airbus was exaggerating the speed of recovery in the commercial  airplane market.
The former Bishop of Birmingham resigns from Friends of the Earth in a row over the promotion of nuclear power.
" ZURICH (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat  former world number one Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 on Friday to  reach the semi-finals of the Zurich Challenge."
WASHINGTON: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan threw the diplomatic world into a tizzy on Wednesday by bluntly declaring that the US decision to invade Iraq in March 2003 was illegal.
"Corey Patterson hit a two-out, two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning yesterday to give the Cubs a 4-2 win over Milwaukee, host Chicago's eighth victory in 11 games."
"So you've decided that want to travel to The Capital of Teh Free World to see the sights, and possibly engage in a Constitutionally Protected Protest. You've also decided that it would more convenient, or less expensive, to drive. There are a few things you should be aware of before you come to our fine metro region."
A review of Merck's handling of Vioxx suggests that actions the company took - and did not take - may have affected the health of potentially thousands of patients.
TOKYO : World champion Michael Schumacher vowed to end his three-race Formula One losing streak at the Japanese Grand Prix this weekend -- come rain or shine.
Increased spending by consumers and business helps US economic growth rise at a higher-than-predicted rate in the July to September period.
"College basketball: Men -- Hofstra at Dartmouth, 7 p.m. Pro basketball: Utah vs. Celtics at the FleetCenter, 7:30 p.m."
Neil Mellor is prepared to play in the reserves in order to remain a Liverpool player despite interest from Sheffield United Football Club.
KUALA LUMPUR: The three people warded at the Kota Baru Hospital on Thursday are confirmed to be free from bird flu. Health Minister Datuk Dr Chua Soi Lek said tests conducted by Institute of Medical Research 
"com. Among 18-54 years olds, 45.6 percent chose the Internet as their preferred media according to a new study released by the Online Publishers Association (OPA) comparing consumer attitudes toward different media."
CHARLES PRINCEs decision to oust three very senior executives demonstrated that the heir to Sandy Weills empire is finally running the show.
Messina missed the chance to join Juventus on 10 points at the top of Italian soccer #39;s Serie A after drawing 0-0 at home with Chievo.
" WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Owners of Major League  Baseball's more than 30 teams did not vote as scheduled  Thursday on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos franchise  to Washington, DC."
"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia #39;s biggest airline Qantas has doubled its full-year profit on cost cuts and a pick-up in traffic, but the prospect of higher fuel costs has sent its shares down six percent. "
Security researchers believe they have discovered a weakness in the new security given to Windows XP by the recently unveiled Service Pack 2 (SP2). 
"Secretary of State Colin L. Powell yesterday expressed strong disapproval of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan #39;s description of the US-led war in Iraq as illegal, saying the comment was  quot;not a very useful statement to make at this point."
"Officials at Oracle (Quote, Chart) used its Open World show in London as a springboard to launch an application server offering for small- to medium-sized businesses (SMB) Tuesday."
"Reuters - World oil prices rose on Thursday as\Hurricane Ivan reached the U.S. Gulf Coast, having shut more\than 1 million barrels of daily output in the Gulf of Mexico\and 13 percent of refining capacity in the United States."
"Reuters - U.S. oil prices were slightly softer\on Monday after a four-day break, but the threat of a cold\winter stretching persistently low global heating oil\inventories kept the market within sight of  #36;50 a barrel."
"Dr Raja Ramanna, the bellwether of Indias nuclear programme, passed away at Bombay Hospital in the early hours of Friday. He was 79."
"OTTAWA (CP) - The composite leading index, an early measurement of economic performance, moderated again in August, to 0.5 per cent from 0.6 per cent in July, Statistics Canada reported Friday."
AP - An Indian cellular phone company plans to air a new Bollywood movie on mobile handsets for free and in full Thursday in a bid to promote its video-streaming service.
 BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari team a sixth successive constructors' title.
"Reuters - Wet Seal Inc. (WTSLA.O) may have little\choice but to close hundreds of its teen-oriented stores and\convert dozens more to its upscale Arden B. brand if it hopes\to stay out of bankruptcy, analysts said on Friday."
The high-profile fraud and corruption trial begins of Deputy President Jacob Zuma's financial advisor.
"Less than a week after a historic 29-17 victory over Pittsburgh - UConn #39;s first as a Big East Conference member -he Huskies were no match for the conference #39;s best team, West Virginia."
"Now that the DNA that makes a chicken a chicken had been sequenced, I'm hoping we'll learn why chickens can't sing."
"Reuters - Companies will spend more money next year\on information technology and other capital investments\compared with 2004, the chief executive of the world's biggest\computer company, IBM Corp, said on Friday."
"Amid talk of a possible liquidation, bankrupt US Airways in recent weeks completed a reorganization that eliminated several corporate sales positions while emphasizing newer "
"adding that half of those who had fled their homes had been moved to a camp in Zam Zam.  quot;There has been a sharp upturn in the number of attacks throughout the southern part of North Darfur, quot; it said."
Lauren and Patrick Vieira are sent off as Arsenal draw against PSV Eindhoven in the Champions League.
"AP - John Wasdin pitched six strong innings in his return from the minors, and the Texas Rangers handed Baltimore its 11th consecutive loss by beating the Orioles 6-4 Friday night."
AP - John Lucas and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars 81-29 Saturday to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Thursday as  inflation data suggesting the Federal Reserve will not hurry to  raise interest rates encouraged investors and oil prices  slipped as some refineries restarted after Hurricane Ivan.
"FOXBORO - Old stereotypes don #39;t die easily, particularly in the age of the Internet. Yesterday, the Bengals became the Patriots #39; 12th victim of the season."
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan has welcomed Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs announcement about the Indian Governments intent to reduce troops in IHK.
"AKRON -- As the \$7 million NEC Invitational begins today on Firestone County Club #39;s South Course, there is bad news for the 75 players in the field who aren #39;t Vijay Singh. "
ROME : Six new faces and a former favourite will get the chance to impress as Marcello Lippi #39;s experimental Italy team host Finland in an international friendly in Sicily.
Club football returns and the weekend begins at Old Trafford as Charlton make the trip north to Manchester. Following a week of recriminations and fallout from the international friendlies and World 
"AP - City officials hope there are people willing to pay plenty of money to own a vintage Playboy Bunny costume, toss green dye into the Chicago River or throw a dinner party prepared by Oprah Winfrey's chef."
"By day, Alexander Vincent is a mild-mannered secretary for a Vallejo real estate broker. By night, he #39;s an online crusader protecting users of a new Internet browser from glitches and security bugs."
"Electronic Arts, the world #39;s leading interactive entertainment company, is pleased to announce that the Medal of Honor Pacific Assault(TM) Director #39;s Edition has shipped to stores in North America and is available for purchase today."
The Mars Opportunity site continues to intrigue scientists as they decipher the chemistry deeper in Endurance crater. The rise in chlorine and fall in sulfur may suggest alterations by evaporating water in the crater's past.
"As fighting winds down in a Fallujah returned by overwhelming force to the sovereignty of the new Iraq, U.S. forces are turning to the many other cities besieged by a fresh wave of insurgent attacks."
"Ask Jeeves Introduces Yet Another Desktop Search Tool\\Ask Jeeves yesterday joined Microsoft in introducing a beta desktop search application. Ask Jeeves states that its Desktop Search makes it easy for people to find information on their computers or the Internet. Upon installation of the small (750K) application, Ask Jeeves Desktop ..."
"AP - Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume."
"An explosion at a South African gas plant has killed five workers and injured at least 100 others. A spokesman for the Sasol energy company says the blast occurred Wednesday at its ethylene plant in the northeastern town of Secunda, Mpumalanga."
Shares of Allied Waste Industries Inc. opened lower Tuesday following another pullback in earnings expectations. The Scottsdale-based waste hauler Tuesday cut its 2004 earnings forecast for the second time 
"Hurricane Frances battered the Kennedy Space Center, a top NASA official said Tuesday, blowing gaping holes in the Vehicle Assembly Building and ripping open the "
"Palo Alto Research Center (PARC), the legendary Xeroxinstitution that pioneered graphical user interfaces, Ethernet and laser printing, is set to announce on Tuesday a multiyear research and development agreement with Fujitsu."
"BARCELONA, Spain A pair of players at one time ranked number one in the world will play for Spain in the Davis Cup final next month."
"FileMaker today began shipping FileMaker Server 7 Advanced, an enhanced version of FileMaker Server 7 that provides advanced web publishing and connectivity options for efficiently managing shared solutions for desktop and web clients."
"LONDON, England -- The brother of British hostage Ken Bigley has said he believes the captive is now in the hands of a more moderate group in Iraq."
"CHANTILLY, VirginiaSpace shuttle Enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride. Built in 1976 as one of the first trio of US shuttles, Enterprise never "
The Palestinian militant group Hamas reportedly took responsibility for the near-simultaneous blasts.
"AP - New season, new conference, same result. Frank Gore's 18-yard touchdown run in overtime gave No. 5 Miami a 16-10 victory over No. 4 Florida State on Friday night."
"The last time Deutsche Borse attempted a deal with the London Stock Exchange it was portrayed as a merger of equals. The two exchanges, both mutuals, in 2000 planned to join "
"Here #39;s a theme you #39;ll be reading variations on for years to come: Toyota Motors (NYSE: TM) as Borg. (No, not the Stock Advisor pick, Borg Warner (NYSE: BWA)."
" OAKLAND, Calif. (Sports Network) - Texas Rangers second  baseman Alfonso Soriano left Thursday's 5-4 loss to Oakland  after he injured his left leg, and he might miss the rest of  the season."
"Across the country, thousands of toddlers are joining studies that could signal new hope for a baffling childhood disorder."
"Cypress Semiconductor Corp., which makes computer and communications chips, on Thursday said third-quarter profit dropped as demand dried up throughout the industry."
"Two battered icons of the American shopping landscape, Kmart and Sears, yesterday announced an \$11 billion merger that will create the nation #39;s third largest retailer, with 3,500 stores."
 Intermec Technologies on Monday unveiled a prototype version of a multi-protocol RFID printer in its PM 4i Smart Printer product line at the Frontline Solutions Conference   Exposition in Chicago. Company officials said it is the first multi-protocol printer in the market.
In September of 2003 the Bush administration telegraphed their intent to use torture on prisoners in Iraq when they screened Gillo Pontecorvo's 1965 film The Battle of Algiers for officials in the Pentagon.
Please buy my international lost and stolen database
"The football bounced high, hopping up and settling into the waiting arms of Acton-Boxboro's Doug Mahoney."
Eliot Spitzer showed once again why he is Wall Street #39;s worst nightmare yesterday when he launched a scathing attack on the insurance industry that could lead to criminal charges against leading executives.
"Patients given Pfizers painkiller Bextra have more than twice as many heart attacks and strokes as those given placebos, according to preliminary results of a study."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday reported a higher third-quarter operating profit as  growth in sales of long distance and high-speed Internet  service outweighed declines in local phone customers."
"Looksmart has thrown its hat into the 'personal web' ring, with the acquisition of Furl.net, a web page clipping and archiving service."
"Intelligence officials fear that for a new generation of disaffected European Muslims, Iraq has become a new holy war."
"Foster #39;s Group Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest beer and winemaker, probably turned to a loss in the second-half after taking charges to restructure its Beringer Blass wine business, analysts said."
"Verizon Communications has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint, people familiar with the situation said Tuesday, lifting a potential obstacle to Sprint #39;s bid for Nextel Communications."
And it #39;s not often you hear a head coach asked for his response to all the  quot;vultures quot; who have shown up to witness his possible firing.
"Xbox game could make \$75 million in 24 hours, give Grand Theft Auto a run for its money. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - How big is  quot;Halo 2 quot;?"
"EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The Chicago Bears stole the New York Giants' early-season formula for success -- again and again and again."
"Millions of medicine bottles will be fitted with tiny radio antennas in the United States in a bid to combat counterfeiting, it emerged today."
Reuters - A U.S. Senate panel on Tuesday\backed a  #36;94 billion 2005 spending bill which included an extra\ #36;800 million to fund space projects next year.
"The 2002 NFL MVP has a broken vertebra in his neck that will sideline him at least eight weeks, starting Sunday when the Oakland Raiders play the Texans in Houston."
"Logicalis, one of Hewlett-Packard #39;s largest enterprise server and storage solution providers, Monday reached an agreement to acquire Solution Technology Inc."
The secretary general of the United Nations fights a war on many fronts in his crusade to bring human rights and peace to the world.
"A red, white and blue rocket plane zoomed into space Monday, winning a \$10 million prize as the world #39;s first privately built reusable spacecraft and heralding the future of commercial space travel."
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's High Court said on Thursday  it was upholding a decision by the country's attorney-general  to drop a bribery case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
" SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said Monday last week's  explosion in its remote northeast was part of a hydro-electric  project, the BBC quoted the North's foreign minister as saying."
"Washington linebacker LaVar Arrington underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Thursday, ruling him out of Monday night #39;s meeting with Dallas."
"Kuala Lumpur: Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said there will be no political interference in a Federal Court ruling today (Thursday) on whether to free former Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim, when it decides on his final "
"American International Group Inc., one of the world #39;s largest insurance firms, said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission may bring a civil action against "
China's largest PC maker sees surge in profits but loses market share to multinational companies.
The Football Association has written to UEFA and FIFA to complain about racist abuse suffered by England #39;s black players in an under-21 international against Spain in Madrid on Tuesday night.
Fifteen Eritreans are jailed for five years each for hijacking a Libyan aircraft being used to deport them.
"Reuters - Oil prices rose modestly on Wednesday,\halting a three-day losing streak on profit-taking from record\highs near  #36;50 a barrel."
"MacCentral - Analysts from Prudential Equity Group and UBS have warned over the past two days that longer than expected G5 delays from IBM Corp. is the near-term ""key risk"" for Apple Computer Inc. Both firms are concerned the delays could be longer than originally expected."
"USATODAY.com - A wave of young Democrats is demanding not just to be heard but to take charge.They are opining, organizing and running for party chairman."
"BAGHDAD In the single deadliest ambush of the Iraq insurgency, guerrillas dressed as security officers executed 49 freshly trained Iraqi soldiers on Saturday evening on a remote road in eastern Iraq as the unarmed soldiers were going home on leave, Iraqi "
"com December 9, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. In a step to keep pace with chief rival Google, Yahoo plans to start testing a downloadable desktop search application in early January."
"ISMAILIA, Egypt: Egypt #39;s Suez Canal has been blocked by a broken-down oil tanker and could stay shut for another two days, the most serious closure of the strategic waterway for almost 30 years, shipping sources said."
Oil futures were little changed after touching a record \$50.47 a barrel on concern Nigerian rebels will follow through on threats to cut shipments from the fifth-largest supplier to the US.
The U.S. Forest Service is cutting the equivalent of 500 full-time IT jobs as part of a reorganization of its IT department.
"San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - San Francisco cornerback Mike Rumph is expected to miss the rest of the season with a broken right arm."
"Reuters - A Tibetan lake formed by a Himalayan\landslide is steadily rising and will sooner or later burst its\banks and flood a valley in neighboring India, a Chinese\official said on Tuesday."
"This is my dream for future so-called American dream teams, no matter if they swing a golf club or cross over on the dribble. Not only that, they sit in coach."
Microsoft is taking action against US resellers who are using dodgy Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to pass off counterfeit software as the real deal.
"AP - Adrian Beltre and Shawn Green homered, and Steve Finley hit a go-ahead RBI single in the eighth inning as the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for an 8-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday."
"AP - More than 2,000 surveillance cameras in public places would be tied in to a network that would use sophisticated software to spot emergencies or suspicious behavior under a plan announced Thursday by Mayor Richard Daley."
"Bank of America Corp.'s investment arm, Columbia Management , named Christopher Wilson head of mutual funds, replacing Kevin Connaughton, who will continue to work for the company. Connaughton held the position in an interim capacity, a spokeswoman said. He moved over from FleetBoston Financial Corp. , where he was head of mutual funds, in the companies' April 1 merger. The ..."
Device will capture high-resolution still images and video--and it still makes phone calls.
SAP has won a \$35 million contract to install its human resources software for the US Postal Service. The NetWeaver-based system will replace the Post Office #39;s current 25-year-old legacy application 
"The death toll from a tropical storm buffeting Japan rose today to 14 after searchers found more victims, including two men buried inside their homes beneath mud and debris that had barreled down a mountainside."
\\I was wondering today how many terabytes could have been saved over the years if\URLs would automatically base64 their integer values.\\232 is 2147483647\\Which is 10 bytes.  \\Of course if you base64 encode those values this leaves you with:\\f____w\\Which is only 6 bytes.  Thats a 40 savings!\\
AP - Cavaliers forward Luke Jackson was activated Wednesday after missing five games because of tendinitis in his right knee. Cleveland also placed forward Sasha Pavlovic on the injured list.
An American woman and a young Afghan girl have died from their wounds after a suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital of Kabul. A Taliban suicide fighter blew himself up in the attack.
AP - It's the Internet Revolution meets the Industrial Revolution: a new program that lets people design 3-D objects like car parts and door knobs in metal or plastic then order them online.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming titles when he won the 100 meter  butterfly final Friday.
Last week I wondered about the logic behind a gutsy market call by American Technology Research advising investors to buy Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) and dump Google (Nasdaq: GOOG).
"The Prince of Wales said his heart goes out to the relatives of nine British tourists killed in a bus crash in Jordan. Charles, who was an official "
"With some of the focus on coach Andy Reid #39;s possible future spandex practice attire, the Philadelphia Eagles got an unexpectedly stiff challenge from the Washington Redskins on Sunday night in a 17-14 victory."
"MOSCOW Russia #39;s Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to Carly Patterson of the United States in the women #39;s all-round gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold medal, saying  quot;everything was decided in advance."
Reuters - The early-morning\splash in the Bering Strait off the Russian coast should have\been bigger given the diplomatic wrangling that led up to it.
"Raymond James Financial Inc. , a brokerage with 2,200 offices that's based in St. Petersburg, Fla., and the company's former president were sued by the Securities and Exchange Commission for failing to police a broker accused of stealing from investors."
"Its amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition. For years, Microsoft saw no threat to its Windows Media Player from such "
"In the first trial of its kind, Austrian researchers have achieved success with an allergy vaccine using genetically engineered pollen. The findings are reported in this week's issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences."
"ATHENS -- A year ago in Anaheim, Calif., they were out of uniform and on crutches, their world meet over before it began, their careers in doubt. Annia Hatch had dislocated her left knee and torn her anterior cruciate ligament. Courtney Kupets had ruptured her left Achilles' tendon. Last night, they were both on the Olympic medal stand with medals ..."
"AP - A U.S. fighter jet crashed near the Tindal Royal Australian Air Force base in northern Australia on Tuesday, the Australian Defense Force said."
"Cornell Brockington rushed for 185 yards and one touchdown Thursday night to lead Connecticut to a 29-17 victory over Pittsburgh, the Huskies #39; first Big East win as a conference member."
"AP - Ricardo Mello upset second-seeded Mardy Fish 5-7, 6-4, 6-4 Wednesday and advanced to the third round of the Millennium International Tennis Championships."
"UniLect gives bogus information to North Carolina counties about the capacity of the company's electronic voting machines, and some voters' picks go ignored as a result."
Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) saw the strongest gains on the Infoimaging Index last week; its shares closed up 10.
"NEW YORK : San Francisco #39;s Barry Bonds, whose Major League Baseball feats have been dogged by unproven steroid suspicions, became the oldest player to win the National League Most Valuable Player award."
Wireless computer networks could soon be running 10 times faster than they do now.
"Facing increased fuel prices, more Americans are choosing tankless water heating units, despite higher upfront costs."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - Two car bombs killed seven Iraqi national guardsmen and a rocket barrage hit a police academy Monday as insurgents kept up their offensive to subdue Iraq's beleaguered security forces. U.S..."
The ABC television network is rightly being pilloried from all concerned - including FCC Chairman Michael Powell -or its tawdry  quot;Monday Night Football quot; opening this week.
"LONDON - The British government has fired 19 civil servants and disciplined more than 200 in an unprecedented crackdown on viewing internet porn at work, officials say."
"Description: NPR #39;s Tavis Smiley talks with reporter Dawn Davenport about her latest article,  quot;Born in America, Adopted Abroad, quot; featured in the October 27 edition of The Christian Science Monitor."
CHICAGO WHITE SOX_Claimed RHP Bobby Jenks off waivers from Anaheim. Designated RHP Eduardo Villacis for assignment. Agreed to terms with OF Timo Perez on a one-year contract.
Judge in Baylor player's death appoints third mental-health expert to evaluate defendant.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged barely higher in  early Tuesday afternoon trading as investors anticipated the  Federal Reserve would stay on its course of only ""measured""  interest-rate increases."
"Iran has confirmed that it has begun processing uranium to prepare it for enrichment, reports Voice of America adding that it is  quot;a process that can be used to make nuclear weapons."
"PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Hundreds of UN troops stormed a stronghold of ousted Haitian president Jean-Bertrand Aristide #39;s supporters yesterday."
Andy Roddick will play Vladimir Voltchkov on Friday to open the Davis Cup semifinal between the United States and Belarus. Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish was drawn Thursday to face Max Mirnyi in the second singles match.
"CAIRO: Iraqi militants threatened to behead a Turkish truck driver if his employers and the Kuwaiti contractor it works for don #39;t cease their operations in Iraq within 48 hours, according to a video tape aired on Al Arabiya yesterday."
"AP - Sounds like David Letterman is as big a ""Pops"" fan as most everyone else."
"At least six people - four prison guards and two prisoners - when Al Qaeda prisoners attempted a break out of Kabul #39;s main Pul-i-Charki prison today, Afghan police officials and eyewitnesses said."
A judge in Chile is once again trying to bring former dictator Augusto Pinochet to trial for humans rights abuses during his 1973-90 regime.
"US stock futures pointed to a higher market open on Wednesday, with oil dipping below \$50 a barrel and a batch of economic data on tap."
"The acquisition of privately held Gullivers, a wholesaler of hotels, travel packages and group tours, also includes online travel seller OctopusTravel."
"The annual  quot;City Game, quot; matching Pittsburgh against cross-town rival Duquesne, has not been much of a game in recent years with the Panthers dominating "
"Penn State University, responding to a rumor started by a Pittsburgh radio station that Coach Joe Paterno had resigned, issued a statement yesterday denying the report."
"The basic issue for an upcoming bilateral meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is to create understanding, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said here Tuesday."
"From London to Tel Aviv, soccer is going down roads that sorely challenge its ages #39; old traditions. In London last weekend, a referee admitted to being bullied by the protests of Arsenal defenders to change "
"Sasa Ilic hits a hat-trick for Partizan Belgrade in a 4-0 win over Egaleo, plus Thursday's other matches."
"AMD and IBM said Monday that they had developed a new strained-silicon process that offers more performance at the same power levels, a technology that will enter production in mid-2005."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed lower on Friday,  weighed down by a number of negative reports from top drug  makers, including Pfizer Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PFE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PFE.N&lt;/A&gt;, and a \$2 jump in the  price of crude oil."
 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO and Russia Tuesday agreed to  boost cooperation in the fight against terrorism after a spate  of attacks on Russian soil including the Beslan school siege  that ended with at least 335 deaths.
"The Mets' Jeff Keppinger got his first major league steal in the seventh, swiping second."
AP - Alan Zinter hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the 11th to give the Arizona Diamondbacks a 9-8 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night.
Miss Peru beats off more than 100 beauty contestants to win the Miss World competition in China.
"The issue of compulsory annuities will be reviewed, the government pledges, after another defeat in the Lords over the rule."
LONDON - The US dollar sank Friday in European trading after US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warned of the dangers of America #39;s growing trade deficit and the chance the imbalance could eventually depress foreign demand for the greenback.
"Reuters - The U.S. Justice Department has agreed\to defer prosecution of Computer Associates International Inc.\ in its long-running investigation of accounting fraud at\the software maker, several publications reported on Wednesday,\citing unnamed sources."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Output growth at U.S. Mid-Atlantic  factories eased in November but still suggested the  manufacturing sector was operating at a healthy clip.
"Erika, the latest offering from the Barbie franchise, wears a blue peasant dress and flowered headband. She carries a small plastic cat, plus a set of Barbie essentials: a comb, brush, mirror and perfume bottle."
Timing of viruses that exploit a flaw in IE could be sign that creators are trying to unsettle Microsoft.
The database and mobile software company is set to reveal details on updates to its flagship products and outline RFID plans.
AFP - The deadline set by Islamic militants to behead a Japanese hostage in Iraq unless Tokyo pulled its army out of the country expired with no fresh news of the young man's fate.
"The Internet's biggest players are preparing for all-out war, adding new weapons to their arsenals in hopes that they can offer the best full suite of digital services to future Net users. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"Just five weeks before election day, federal legislators are increasingly casting doubt on electronic voting terminals and demanding that touchscreen computers produce paper records."
Australia led Pakistan by 312 runs with nine second-innings wickets in hand when lunch was taken on the third day of the first test at the WACA in Perth on Saturday.
"Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck, who did not practice today, has been downgraded from probable to questionable for Sunday #39;s game."
"Covert use of a hardware keystroke logger does not violate federal wiretap law, court rules."
"AP - Sen. Lisa Murkowski says she has not asked Alaskans to like the way she got her job  #151; she was appointed by her father, Gov. Frank Murkowski."
"Largely overlooked during the holiday craziness last month, Yahoo introduced real-time traffic information for 70 major U.S. cities."
Thousands of Argentines protest over the failure to find those who bombed a Jewish centre in 1994.
"A day before federal regulators are expected to free VoIP providers from state taxes, two California cities want their cut."
"The Japanese government has approved Sun Microsystems #39; open-source desktop software for use within one of its ministries, Sun is expected to announce."
"Hollinger International Inc., publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said a committee of its board investigating allegations of wrongdoing against former Chief Executive Conrad Black filed a report with a court in Chicago."
"Reuters - India could use its record-high foreign exchange reserves to fund infrastructure even if it breached fiscal targets set out by law, a senior government official said on Tuesday."
"&lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; TOKYO (Reuters) - Nintendo Co. will begin selling an\adaptor for its DS and Game Boy Advance handheld game players\to allow them to play music and video, the company said,\matching a popular feature on Sony's portable game machine.&lt;/p&gt;"
"BOSTON - Mark Bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth as the Red Sox rallied to a 3-2 victory over the Orioles last night, snapping a three-game losing streak after nearly blowing the game in the top of the inning."
SEC may take civil action against the bank #39;s brokerage unit on improper mutual fund trading charges. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wachovia Corp.
"HIT Entertainment, the company behind children #39;s television character Bob the Builder, fired its chief executive yesterday and warned of a difficult trading environment next year."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell 1 percent by  midsession on Thursday after sharp declines in metals prices  pushed down shares of steel makers and mining companies, which  had been big gainers over the past three months."
"Boeing (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is prepared to discuss the elimination of billions of dollars in tax breaks it receives from Washington "
"Sonoma, CA (Sports Network) - Tom Kite carded a two-under 70 Friday to remain atop the leaderboard through two rounds of the Champions Tour #39;s season-ending Charles Schwab Cup Championship."
Vijay Singh #39;s next milestone on his record rise atop the PGA Tour #39;s money list should be as easy to reach as loose change under the sofa cushions.
"Anhui Mobile Communications, a subsidiary of China Mobile, has commissioned the Siemens Communications Group to expand the GSM and GPRS mobile network in the province of Anhui."
It looks like Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) may deliver some uncharacteristic slack to some of its competitors. USA Today reported that the discounter giant doesn #39;t plan such deep price cuts on toys this year.
AFP - US President George W. Bush told voters in the crucial state of Ohio that Russia's bloody hostage crisis was  quot;a grim reminder quot; of the stakes in his global war on terrorism.
Internazionale hit five against Messina and AC Milan came from behind to win at Parma on a good night for the Milanese in Serie A. On-fire Brazilian Adriano netted his first Serie A hat-trick and debutant 
"Two prominent open-source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by Microsoft Corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial (""spam"") e-mail, citing unresolved patent and licensing issues with the standard known as Sender ID."
FRANCE #39;s Sebastien Loeb became the new world rally champion today after finishing second behind Markko Martin in the Rally of Corsica.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks ended higher on  Friday after  Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; raised its earnings forecasts but gains on  the Nasdaq were checked after wireless technology provider  Qualcomm Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=QCOM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;QCOM.O&lt;/A&gt; said an accounting review may reduce  pretax income."
"The University of Missouri renamed its new sports arena with the school nickname Friday, just days after the original namesake, a 22-year-old Wal-Mart heiress, was accused of academic cheating at another college."
The Qatar-based Al-Jazeera TV channel on Saturday aired footage of a Polish woman held hostage by a militant group in Iraq calling for the withdrawal of Polish troops from the 
AP - Brian Ching scored a team-best 11th goal of season to lead the San Jose Earthquakes past the Dallas Burn 3-0 on Saturday night.
(11/08/04) The Washington Redskins grabbed a 17-to-10 win over the Detroit Lions at Ford Field. Clinton Portis ran for 147 yards on 34 carries and threw a tiebreaking touchdown pass.
"The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, with the price of field boxes increasing by \$10 to \$85."
"PANAMA CITY, Panama Yankees reliever Mariano Rivera will return to the club in time for game one of the American League Championship Series against Boston Tuesday night."
Nina Kraft is banned for two years by the German Triathlon Union on Monday after admitting taking a performance-enhancing drug EPO before the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship.
"In the flat enterprise software market, the message is clear: It's time to hunt or be hunted."
"AFTER months of procrastination - an attempt to wear down the shareholders of Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality into accepting an under-priced offer - the joint bid vehicle of Woolworths and pubs king Bruce Mathieson, Bruandwo, has reversed tactics."
Marat Safin wins the Madrid Masters to edge ahead of Tim Henman in the race for the Masters Cup.
German scientists are working on tiny portable sensors that can spot health problems very early.
"GAZA CITY, GAZA STRIP - An early morning missile attack by Israel on a refugee camp has left one Palestinian dead and five wounded."
"Japan has decided to issue a visa for former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui to visit this year, a government spokesman said Thursday, a decision that could exacerbate tense relations with China."
"It was all a bit of a fast bowler #39;s joke at the time but, as Brian Lara lay dazed on the pitch, the words of Shoaib Akhtar must have felt a little more sinister."
"Analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557-person technology consulting firm."
"Outside the Highway Junction Thrift Store, a thin film of gritty ash coated the bottom of a Mount St. Helens coffee mug. Price for the mug: \$5."
"THE family of British engineer Kenneth Bigley, held hostage in Iraq for more than two weeks, has asked Libyan leader Muammar Gadaffi to help secure his release, they said today."
"The Angels suspended outfielder Jose Guillen for the remainder of the season and the postseason, if they qualify, the team announced Sunday night."
"ST. PAUL, Minn. -- Andy Roddick beat Mardy Fish 6-3, 6-3 in the Minnesota Tennis Challenge exhibition Wednesday night. Roddick, playing for the first time since firing coach Brad Gilbert over the weekend, was fighting a cold but still managed to win."
"QXL Ricardo, the UK's version of internet auction site Ebay, scores a victory in its bid to win back control of its ""stolen"" Polish arm."
" UFTON NERVET, England (Reuters) - A British high-speed  passenger train plowed into a car at a level crossing and flew  off the rails on Saturday, killing a number of people and  injuring scores of passengers."
"The senior United Nations envoy to Sudan today began his last mission to the war-torn Darfur region ahead of next week #39;s meeting of the Security Council, which will decide whether the Government is making good on commitments to restore security and disarm "
" quot;These new smart services could allow the Internet to detect and warn of worm attacks on its own, dynamically re-route network traffic to avoid delays, and improve video web casting, quot; said Intel "
"NBA, Players #39; Union Go Before Arbitrator to Debate Suspensions of Four Players Over Mich. Brawl. A fan wearing a T-shirt with a message about the Indiana Pacers watches a large television screen during the "
Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store is causing a bit of a stir by refusing to sell the charity Band Aid song  quot;Do They Know It #39;s Christmas?
Two former executives of Computer Associates International pleaded not guilty to charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology shares were expected  to open lower on Thursday, weighed down by a sales warning from  Applied Materials Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AMAT.O&lt;/A&gt;, while S P and Dow stock  futures were flat before weekly jobless claims data."
"German factory orders dropped more than economists expected in August and a gauge of European retail sales fell for a second month in September, adding to evidence that economic growth may be slowing amid record oil costs."
"Fannie Mae, the largest US mortgage buyer, may slow purchases of home loans to meet its regulator #39;s demand to boost capital, hurting earnings prospects."
"TUCSON, Ariz. (U-WIRE) -- If the Arizona football team (1-1) wants any shot at defeating No. 17 Wisconsin (2-0) Saturday afternoon, it #39;s going to have to turn up the heat."
"Australia's John Howard captures control of his country's Senate, giving him extensive legislative power."
Mets General Manager Omar Minahas has met with most of the teams that may be willing to trade big-money marquee players in blockbuster deals.
"AP - Kelli Roehrig had 15 points, including 11 during a 24-2 run to start the game, and No. 15 Michigan State routed Central Connecticut State 77-42 on Saturday in the first game of the Spartan Classic."
"Locked away in fossils is evidence of a sudden solar cooling. Kate Ravilious meets the experts who say it could explain a 3,000-year-old mass migration - and today #39;s global warming."
"Soaring household debt and the rise in credit card spending has left Briton #39;s borrowers teetering on the brink of a precipice when it comes to the amount they owe, the Bank of England has warned."
New York Attorney General has subpoened major players in the Washington area insurance market as part of an investigation into steering and bid-rigging.
Hilton hotels in Indonesia ratcheted up security on Thursday but said they were seeing few cancellations amid warnings from Western governments that one of their chain could be attacked by militants.
"BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan -- This week #39;s trip to the international space station will be the cosmonauts #39; first flight in a Soyuz spacecraft -- a rupture with the 30-year tradition of having at least one crewman with previous experience in piloting the capsule."
"Hundreds of US troops are diverted from Falluja to Mosul, as violence continues to spread to other areas of Iraq."
"CHARLOTTE, NC - Everything went right for the Carolina Panthers last season, from lucky bounces to staying injury free. One game into the new season, all that has changed."
"At 36, Jeff Agoos comes east to the MetroStars, a team that gave up the most goals in the M.L.S. last season."
JANE Saville was the first person to reach fellow Australian heartbreak walker Nathan Deakes when he was disqualified with a medal in sight in the Olympic 50km race yesterday.
"Official figures show that unemployment rose sharply in Germany in September, a sign that the economy remains weak."
Apple's new London store on Regent Street puts the iPod music player front and center.
Palestinians formally opened the campaign to replace Yasser Arafat yesterday as candidates aspiring to replace the long-time leader began seeking signatures to qualify for the January 9 ballot.
Final plans for the five bidding cites for the 2012 Olympics have been handed in to the International Olympic Committee #39;s headquarters in Lausanne in Switzerland.
"SINGAPORE : China Aviation Oil has confirmed it is being probed by the Commercial Affairs Department for problems at the company. On Friday, the white-collar crime buster "
"ATHENS - They weren #39;t our own tarnished heroes this time, they were bad actors in an overwritten Greek tragedy. But outside the Athens Hilton yesterday morning off the downtown boulevard called Vasillias Sofia, the scene was all too familiar. So were the ..."
"India News: Bhopal, Nov 28 : Twelve people, including a woman, were ploughed to death by an express train outside the Sukhi Sevania railway station near here Sunday."
"AP - Japan may extend its deployment of its non-combat troops in southern Iraq if the security situation in the country does not change, a top government official said Tuesday."
"Still smarting from their 18-9 drubbing by Europe in September #39;s Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills, the Americans have decided to overhaul the way they pick their team for the next meeting, at the K Club in Ireland in 2006."
Drug stocks across the board fell amid renewed safety concerns over a class of blockbuster drugs used to treat arthritis. Preprint articles published on the New England Journal of Medicine #39;s Web site Wednesday 
"The planes from nearby LaGuardia have been flying unusually low over the National Tennis Center this week, but nothing has been cruising beneath the radar screen quite like Lleyton Hewitt."
Pakistan #39;s UN ambassador fired back at allegations that his country was aiding Taliban and other elements trying to undermine neighbouring Afghanistan and its presidential election.
"AFP - The life of a football manager in the English Premiership is frantic, pressured and apt to end in sometimes arbitrary dismissal. But now under-fire bosses can predict when they might face the sack -- using the weather."
 ATHENS (Reuters) - All-round champion Paul Hamm's Olympic  fortunes took a downward turn on Sunday when he was outdone by  the mastery of Kyle Shewfelt and Teng Haibin in the men's  apparatus finals.
"The sale of new single-family homes across the country rose by 9.4 percent in August, ending a two-month dip, the US Commerce Department reported yesterday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks retreated on Tuesday, as a  jump in the Producer Price Index on skyrocketing food and  energy costs raised concerns that the Fed might become more  aggressive with rate increases in the months ahead."
"Hours after a bomb ripped through his concert at Colombo, Shah Rukh Khan, who returned to Mumbai with his team mates, said the incident will not deter him from holding similar shows."
 LONDON (Reuters) - Next weekend's inaugural Chinese Grand  Prix could be the most significant race in the history of  Formula One.
"Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister Gen. Khin Nyunt, makes a point during a meeting with Singapore #39;s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, in this Sept."
"After spending the past few years mounting a strong corporate governance campaign, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced Friday that it would start easing its rules "
The final night of gymnastics competition at the 2004 Games ended with another black eye for the beleaguered sport as spectators at Olympic Indoor Hall turned their rage against a panel 
The European Union says it will to redouble its efforts to avert an epidemic of HIV/Aids across Europe.
"RICHMOND, Va. Richmond is now on the Top 10 list of the nation #39;s most dangerous cities -- according to one report. The research firm Morgan Quitno says Richmond now ranks ninth when compared with more than "
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Paul Nitze, one of the last leading  U.S. statesmen of the Cold War period and architect of nuclear  deterrence, has died at the age of 97."
"With big-ticket free agents like Carlos Beltran, Richie Sexson and Carlos Delgado still on the market, baseball executives are playing wait-and-see."
"MICROSOFT has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it. "
"The Millbrook Vineyards and Winery is a popular stop for tourists looking for a bit of culture and culinary indulgence, all in a country setting."
A director of the Oracle Corporation testified that the company's \$7.7 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft might not be the final offer.
"AP - Business software maker Oracle Corp. is trying to sway the outcome of its  #36;9.2 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc. by meeting directly with its rival's major shareholders, hoping to persuade them the all-cash offer is their best remaining option."
"Azeri, Horse of the Year in 2002 and a near certainty for the Distaff Race in the Breeders #39; Cup at Lone Star Park Saturday, is to run instead in the tougher but much more prestigious \$4 million Classic."
"Once is a fluke. Twice is a coincidence. A third time would be a trend, and that's something St. John's Prep coach Jim O'Leary desperately wants to avoid after his Eagles were shut out for the second game in a row in a 40-0 loss to Marshfield yesterday."
"AP - Spain's Javier Pascual Rodriguez edged Colombia's Ivan Parra at the finish Thursday to win the 18th stage of the Spanish Vuelta, his fourth win of the race."
"AP - The Baltimore Ravens have put a lid on the trash talk this week. With an 0-1 record, a depleted offensive line and a thin receiving corps, the defending AFC North champs have more on their minds than merely trading barbs with their hated rivals, the Pittsburgh Steelers."
Javier Vazquez was supposed to be the impressive pitcher the Yankees would use as a linchpin in their rotation for any number of seasons.
"Bill Ford, Ford Motor Co. #39;s chairman and chief executive officer, called Wednesday for federal help with health-care costs and the development of hydrogen-powered vehicles."
The Sensor and Actuator Solutions group will create services and software related to RFID systems. By Laurie Sullivan. IBM has created the Sensor and Actuator Solutions group to support devices such as those used in radio-frequency identification setups.
"Isle Filipinos are mobilizing to help the northern and eastern regions of the Philippines, where more than 1,000 people are dead or missing after four deadly storms in the last two weeks."
Villages were cordoned off and thousands of police kept watch along roads in central China on Tuesday following riots between majority Han Chinese and a Muslim minority that killed seven people and injured 42.
"TOKYO -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet yesterday, replacing several top ministers in an effort to boost his popularity, consolidate political support, and quicken the pace of reforms in the world's second largest economy."
"If Yasser Arafat #39;s death does improve the prospects of peace between Israel and the Palestinians, here #39;s what the United States should do about it: Nothing."
"NEW YORK, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is taking steps toward restructuring at least some of its roughly \$20 billion of total debt in a bid to avoid bankruptcy, but it will face an uphill battle, ..."
"INVESTORS and traders lean to the Republicans, but the Dow is sending a signal that George W. Bush is going to lose office. Since 1904, the incumbent has failed to win re-election if the Dow falls by 0.5 per cent or more in October."
CAIRO - The kidnapped director of CARE International in Iraq tearfully urged British forces to withdraw from Iraq in a videotape broadcast Friday by Qatar-based Al-Jazeera satellite television news channel.
"The chairman of Kenya #39;s Anti-Corruption Advisory Board has resigned, accusing President Mwai Kibaki of interfering in the board #39;s work."
"TOKYO Sept. 27, 2004 - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi reshuffled his Cabinet on Monday, in hopes of solidifying his power and boosting his ability to carry out reforms."
"AP - The family of former Kansas City Chiefs star Derrick Thomas is not entitled to any money from General Motors Corp. for the Jan. 2000 crash that killed the nine-time Pro Bowl linebacker, a jury ruled Tuesday."
"CAIRO, Egypt - An explosion tore through a resort hotel Thursday night where Israelis were vacationing at the end of a Jewish holiday, killing at least 30 people and wounding more than 100, officials said.    Two smaller blasts were reported later at other tourist sites in Egypt's Sinai peninsula, and witnesses gave unconfirmed reports that car bombs caused all three blasts..."
"Bee Staff Writer. Translation: Let the debates begin, and break out your thinking helmets to sort it all out. It comes as no surprise USC took the top spot in the initial Bowl Championship Series standings that were released Monday."
Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation 
The final of the African Confederation Cup between Ghanaian clubs Hearts of Oak and Asante Kotoko has been postponed to avoid a clash with the country #39;s presidential elections.
Former Olympic bronze medallist Richie Woodhall believes Amir Khan will be  quot;the Mario Kindelan of the next Games quot; if he is still an amateur in four years #39; time.
"BAGHDAD -- Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs yesterday near the symbol of US authority in Iraq -- the Green Zone, where the US Embassy and key government offices are located -- and hotels occupied by hundreds of foreigners. Three other explosions brought the day's bombing toll to at least 24 dead and more than 100 wounded."
"Survey shows workers less optimistic about job market, with fewer saying personal finances are getting better."
"A new generation of robotic vacuums is ready to do battle with dirt, dust and dog hair with more cleaning power and cunning than their ancestors could muster. Faced with the usual obstacles - furniture, stairs, low-hanging bed skirts and stray socks - they intelligently and acrobatically extricate themselves from most tight spots and largely avoid getting stuck or sucking in what they shouldn't."
"Mahmoud Abbas, the leading candidate for the Palestinian Authority presidency, said yesterday that Palestinians wanted to begin negotiating final statehood terms "
"NEW YORK - It's been a week without progress in the NHL lockout. So far, there have been no overtures from the league or the players to resume talks to save a season that is already starting to slip away..."
"Defending champion Arsenal stretched its unbeaten record in the English Premier League to 47 games, winning 1-0 at Manchester City yesterday on a rare goal by fullback Ashley Cole."
AFP - The Sudanese government pledged that it would return none of the more than one million people displaced by the civil war in Darfur to their homes without the prior approval of the International Organisation for Migration.
"Responding to a European Union request, Microsoft said the license for its Office-related XML document formats will be royalty-free forever."
"Reuters - A quarterly survey of U.S. chief\executives showed they plan to increase hiring and capital\spending, despite recent soft economic data, concerns about\sluggish job growth and high energy prices."
 BOSTON (Reuters) - The NASD on Wednesday submitted  recommendations to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  to limit the use of soft dollar deals and increase disclosure  about such practices.
What: MIAA Division 3 Super Bowl. Where: Curry College in Milton. When: Saturday at 10 a.m. Last meeting: 1988 Super Bowl (a 13-0 Westwood win).
"In the storied, almost century-long rivalry between Oklahoma and Texas, even legendary OU Coach Bud Wilkinson lost a few games in a row to the Longhorns."
Two American soldiers were killed and five injured Monday in a rocket attack in Baghdad. The military said the incident occurred in the southern part of the city but provided no other details.
"Tobacco company Reynolds American Inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco, posted a third-quarter profit of \$339 million Monday."
"PHOENIX - Two Phoenix police officers were killed and a third wounded Saturday night during a shootout at an apartment complex, authorities said.    The man believed to have shot the officers was found dead following a two-hour stand off with police..."
"People who own something valuable, like a house, want to protect themselves against financial loss. Natural disasters like fire, storms or flooding can damage or destroy valuable possessions."
"The following story contains the latest information known as of 23:30 CET on Monday, and will be updated as new information comes in."
Jim Boeheim rarely leaves the Syracuse area early in the season. This trip to New York was well worth it. The fifth-ranked Orange beat No.
Two diamonds together worth over 11 million euros (\$13.53 million) disappeared from an antique dealers #39; show at the Paris Louvre museum on Monday in an apparent mid-afternoon robbery.
"Brussels, Dec 13, IRNA -- German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer said Monday that so long Iran #39;s voluntary suspension of enrichment activities continues, the EU commitments also remain valid."
"Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Lamar Hunt appears ready to get out of Major League Soccer and sever ties with the Kansas City Wizards."
"NEW YORK - Did Frances huff and puff and blow Andre Agassi off the professional tour? Hasn #39;t she done enough damage without hammering tennis, too?"
"Toshiba on Monday issued a recall for faulty memory modules that were used in over two dozen of its laptop models. The recall potentially affects some 600,000 notebook computers."
"Apple Computer, maker of the iPod music player and online iTunes Music Store, is likely to be forced into a multimillion-pound payout to Apple Corporation, the Beatles #39; management "
"TUCSON, Ariz. -- Aaron Rodgers threw three first-half touchdowns and J.J. Arrington topped 100 yards rushing for the sixth consecutive game to lead No. 7 California (5-1, 3-1 Pac-10) to a 38-0 rout of Arizona (1-6, 0-4) yesterday."
"NEW YORK - Stocks sagged Wednesday after beverage giant Coca-Cola Co. issued a gloomy forecast, and a lower-than-expected reading on industrial production for August threw the nation's broader economic outlook into question..."
"WASHINGTON - House Republicans plan to follow President Bush's lead and reject the Sept. 11 commission's recommendation to strip the Pentagon of control over its spy shops in favor of a new national intelligence director with hiring, firing and spending control..."
"A Food and Drug Administration official who sought to estimate the harm done to patients by side effects of the painkiller Vioxx said yesterday that his supervisors tried to suppress his conclusions, according to Sen."
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game accessory maker Mad Catz  Interactive Inc. will release a series of game-related products  based on Disney properties starting with ""The Incredibles,"" Mad  Catz Chief Executive Darren Richardson said on Wednesday."
Colombian authorities apologise for demanding a tax return from a politician held by rebels for almost three years.
The Lions had a chance to make a statement and a stand in the NFC North division race Sunday and --in fairness to the coach -- their performance defied description.
"Developers had mixed reactions to Microsoft #39;s revamped Longhorn plans Friday, with some unhappy to see the Windows update split into pieces but others pleased with what they see as a more pragmatic approach."
"TOKYO (CBS.MW) - The Nikkei Average finished the morning just under the key 11,000 mark after breaking that level earlier Monday following US gains as the pullback in oil prices eased concerns about corporate profits."
"The scientific Breakthrough of the Year awards are less glitzy than the Oscars, but the discoveries they honour are as spirit-stirring as anything to come out of Hollywood."
"WASHINGTON (Dow Jones/AP) -- Dolby Laboratories Inc., the developer of noise reduction systems for audio equipment, filed Friday to sell up to \$460 million in stock in an initial public offering."
"Members of the Gadaffi family have pledged to support efforts to free British hostage Kenneth Bigley, his brother claimed today. Paul Bigley said that Colonel Gadaffis London-based "
"SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- In a major strategic reversal, Sony Corp..."
"London - An unexplained radio signal from deep space could just be contact from an alien civilisation. New Scientist magazine reported the signal on Thursday, revealing that it comes from a point between the Pisces and Aries constellations."
"The Pentagon is to end the contract Halliburton has to service US troops in Iraq, the Wall Street Journal reports."
"The NFLs meekest division is in no position to contest the issue, and thats fine by the Seattle Seahawks. Were in first place despite the general feeling you get when people talk about us, quarterback Matt Hasselbeck said Wednesday."
"LOS ANGELES - Counting to 100 used to be so much easier for TV producers. The Hollywood Reporter is dedicating a 108-page issue Thursday to explore TV programs that have reached that benchmark, which determines whether the show will live on in syndication heaven after its network run..."
Richard Sterne of South Afrrica won for the first time in his career on Sunday when he finished on 18 under par to win the Open de Madrid.
" quot;India with 1.3 billion population ought to be represented in the UN Security Council and involved in the G-8 process, said Tony Blair."
"AP - Scientists are planning to take the pulse of the planet  #151; and more  #151; in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance, anticipate disease outbreaks and even tell fishermen where the catch will be abundant."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei rose 0.38 percent on Tuesday  as another jump in U.S. tech shares lured foreign investors to  their Japanese peers and other exporters such as Honda, while  earnings optimism again buoyed some miners."
"ALDERSON - Starting Oct. 8, Martha Stewart will begin serving her five-month sentence for lying to federal investigators here, in the Alderson Federal Prison Camp."
"The BBC's John Simpson assesses the legacy of Yasser Arafat, a man he knew well."
Pakistan and India agreed Friday to resume the second rail link between the two nations. According to a statement jointly issued by technical teams fromboth sides at the conclusion 
"DHAKA, Bangladesh -- A series of bombs exploded yesterday as a Bangladeshi opposition leader was speaking at a rally. At least 14 people were killed and hundreds were wounded, witnesses and news reports said."
"A major Japanese trading company is investing in Isuzu Motors Ltd., a truckmaker allied with General Motors Corp. of the United States, to strengthen a partnership in Thailand."
"AP - A month before the video game's scheduled release this coming Tuesday, illegal copies of the hot sci-fi action title ""Halo 2"" were already circulating on the Internet. It's had a lot of company lately."
Customers of Sprint and SBC Communications will be able to use both companies #39; wireless Internet connections with less hassle under a reciprocal deal announced Friday.
"AP - Hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also was ridiculed when it was introduced 15 years ago, Reebok Inc. on Wednesday rolled out a next- generation high-tech sneaker with a name that takes a cue from computer software launches: the Pump 2.0."
"He sat out the entire frustrating 5-7 season because of what he describes as his own stupidity. He broke his left collarbone in the Gator Bowl to end the 2002 season, then broke it again several months later "
"Unidentified men threw crude bombs at two mosques as worshippers ended Friday prayers in the western Indian state of Maharashtra, wounding at least six people, police said."
"ABB Inc. has reversed a decision to close its transformer plant in Guelph, Ont., saving 300 jobs, the union representing the workers said today."
"Ken Caminiti, a former Houston Astros third baseman and National League Most Valuable Player whose career came crashing down under the burden of drug and legal problems, died of a massive heart "
" JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  poured cold water on Tuesday on recent international efforts to  restart stalled peace talks with Syria, saying there was ""no  possibility"" of returning to previous discussions."
"JAKARTA, INDONESIA - At least 16 people died after an earthquake and a succession of aftershocks shook Alor Island in eastern Indonesia on Friday."
"Charles Barkley will always be remembered for his infamous television commercial, in which he defiantly proclaimed:  quot;I am not a role model."
"The top US central banker says the country #39;s banking system has weathered a recession and major corporate bankruptcies, and emerged  quot;strong, vibrant and profitable."
"A China Eastern plane carrying more than 50 passengers and crew has crashed into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia and all are feared dead, state media says."
AP - Ray Nelson threw for 321 yards and five touchdowns and Samford defeated West Alabama 34-20 on Saturday night in the season opener for both teams.
"FARMINGTON, Pa. -- Vijay Singh held off Stewart Cink #39;s fast finish to win the 84 Lumber Classic by one shot Sunday and break Tiger Woods #39; one-year PGA Tour money record."
"Television viewers around the world watched a drama unfold in Athens on Wednesday morning, when two unknown hijackers took hostage 26 Greek bus passengers and threatened to detonate the bus."
"Interim Haitiam Prime Minister Gerard Latortue speaks during an interview with the Associated Press in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Saturday, Oct.23, 2004."
Reuters - Denver Broncos veteran defensive\tackle Luther Elliss is listed as out for Sunday's game at New\Orleans with a calf injury.
"CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Cleveland Indians first baseman Travis Hafner had successful surgery on his right elbow. Hafner, 27, underwent the procedure, performed Wednesday by Dr."
Ernie Els holds a two-shot lead at the WGC Championship at Mount Juliet.
"Wholesale prices, pushed by sharply higher energy and food costs, soared by 1.7 percent in October, the largest increase since early 1990."
 NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Signs of discord emerged between  India and Pakistan as foreign ministers from the nuclear-armed  rivals met on Sunday to review and advance a peace process that  has faltered recently over Kashmir.
"Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Security certificates used to detain suspected terrorists like Adil Charkaoui are constitutional, the Federal Court of Appeal ruled Friday."
ElBaradei was reacting to news reports that he had heeded Iranian demands to drop mentions of IAEA requests to visit the Parchin military site and Irans use of the sensitive material beryllium in a report he had made to the IAEA board in September.
The top education ministry official in the oil-rich northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk has been assassinated by unknown assailants.  quot;Ibrahim Ismail was killed on the main road as he was heading to the technological 
An international group led by Lockheed Martin Corp. received a \$3 billion contract yesterday to develop a program that will eventually replace the Patriot missile system.
" BANJA LUKA, Bosnia (Reuters) -  Bosnian Serb Prime Minister  Dragan Mikerevic stepped down on Friday after top peace  overseer Paddy Ashdown fired nine officials to punish Bosnia's  Serb Republic for failing to arrest war crimes suspects."
Fast bowler Brett Lee was recalled to Australia #39;s squad and legspinner Stuart MacGill was dropped for next month #39;s four-test tour of India.
"AP - Kasey Keller plays only in World Cup qualifiers these days. After starting nearly every game for Tottenham Hotspur for two years, he hasn't appeared once this season. Yet, he's been in goal for all three World Cup qualifiers for the United States, which plays El Salvador on Saturday at Foxboro, Mass., then goes to Panama for a Wednesday game in a pair of semifinal-round matchups."
SIR BOBBY ROBSON believes Craig Bellamy can strike fear into the England camp in Saturday #39;s crunch World Cup showdown at Old Trafford.
"AP - A panel from the association that accredits the University of Illinois chastised the school Wednesday for failing to resolve the long-standing controversy over its American Indian mascot, which supporters argue is an honored tradition and others say is racially offensive."
"Reuters - The Palestinian family of\a Jordanian hostage threatened with death in Iraq appealed on\Sunday for his release, saying he was a father of seven who did\not collaborate with Iraq's ""occupier."""
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has reportedly tracked down one of her son's killers and plans to find the second.
"Lawson, a senior guard whose previous high was the 11 points he scored earlier this month against Holy Cross, hit 8-of-12 shots, including three 3-pointers."
OPEC oil producers have said they will rein in oversupply to bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce output quotas early next year.
"COOLUM, Australia -- Former Australian amateur star James Nitties took the third-round lead in the Australian PGA on Saturday, closing with a birdie for a one-stroke advantage over American Bob Estes."
"NEW YORK - Stocks were narrowly mixed Wednesday as investors digested a jump in the second-quarter gross domestic product, while keeping a close eye on falling oil prices.    Investors saw the Commerce Department report, which said the nation's GDP grew 3.3 percent from April to June, as fairly good news, with a few caveats..."
TOKYO Japan #39;s main news agency reports a Tokyo court has dismissed a request to stop the deportation proceedings against fugitive chess master Bobby Fischer. 
13 October 2004 - The United Nations food relief agency warned today that the security situation in Sudan #39;s strife-torn Darfur region is so volatile that it is hampering the delivery and distribution of food aid to the vast population of internally 
"Reuters - South Korea sees no need to rush into a\further round of talks on the North's nuclear weapons\ambitions, President Roh Moo-hyun said on Wednesday."
"SBASTIEN LOEB, the new rallying world champion, will be the highest-profile casualty of a shock decision yesterday by two leading French manufacturers to pull out of the sport."
France sends plutonium from scrapped US nuclear warheads south under heavy guard to be reprocessed.
JBoss Inc. has added business process management (BPM) to its growing roster of open source software.
It was the kind of complete game Chiefs fans had been dreaming of throughout the course of a nightmare season.  quot;This is how (people thought) we could score points and dominate 
The world number one broke a jittery Mauresmo twice to take the opening set and the Frenchwoman failed to get a foot-hold in the second set.
The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has officially informed the Security Council of some 380 tons of high explosives missing from a weapons dump in Iraq.
AP - The promoter who brought the Montreal Expos to Puerto Rico is talking with major league baseball to have other reams play on the island next season.
"Users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan The Supreme Court granted bail on Monday to the jailed husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, a defense lawyer and a government spokesman said."
"MARKHAM, Ont., Oct. 4 - IBM Canada has introduced a ThinkPad laptop computer with an integrated fingerprint reader, a model that delivers simplified access to password-protected personal and financial information, websites, documents and e-mail."
" NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical cleric prepared to hand  control of a shrine at the heart of a Shi'ite uprising in Iraq  to religious authorities on Friday, but still rejected demands  by the interim prime minister to disband his militia."
Arafat's death raises hopes for a new push for peace. But much depends on who takes charge and how the U.S. responds
MADRID - Real Madrid were just too proud. That was how coach Jose Antonio Camacho explained the Spanish giants #39; 0-3 thrashing by Bayer Leverkusen in the Champions League on Wednesday.
"MOSCOW, Idaho -- Former University of Idaho athletic director Bill Belknap fears a divide is being creating over athletics at the state #39;s land grant college."
The NHL and the NHLPA have planned a meeting for December 9th in Toronto to discuss the NHLPAs new proposal for a new collective bargaining agreement.
"Miracles don #39;t happen in motor racing, but there is an exception to every rule. At the start of the 2004 season the McLaren-Mercedes was the joke of the paddock."
"Swiss banking giant UBS posted weaker third-quarter net profit on Tuesday, just missing market expectations, hurt by a seasonal fall in trading revenue despite a strong showing by its flagship private bank."
"At least three Westerners have been killed by insurgents in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, local police say."
Leaders of 21 Asia-Pacific states pledge to bolster anti-terrorism measures and efforts to lower trade barriers.
"The right-win opposition Conservative Party and Liberal Center Union won 43 seats in the 141-member Lithuanian parliament, after more than 99 percent of the votes were counted "
Geothermal sources remain untapped as leaders focus instead on the country's reserves of fossil fuels.
"This holiday season, a dozen major retailers are banking on the choppy, pulsating sound of remixed Christmas classics to help lure young shoppers and keep them spending."
"A US appeals court on Thursday turned down ABB #39;s (ABBN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) (ABB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) proposed \$1.2 billion settlement of an asbestos lawsuit involving the Swiss engineering group #39;s Combustion "
Airbus parent EADS posted higher-than-expected nine-month earnings on Thursday driven by a strong performance in commercial aircraft and raised its 2004 targets.
"In a season filled with uncertainty and unpredictable play, the only dependable part of the Celtics' game-night drama has been the raised voice of coach Doc Rivers. With a rant that rivaled Rick Pitino in duration and decibel levels, Rivers scolded Boston for failing to play together last night at the Wachovia Center. In many ways, the Celtics' ..."
"Moscow and Seoul have signed a deal to build a rocket-launch facility in South Korea. It will be built by the end of 2007 in Goheung, South Jeolla province, the Joongang Ilbo newspaper writes."
A Brooklyn lawyer announced plans yesterday to file the first federal lawsuits against Merck  amp; Co. on behalf of New Yorkers who developed heart troubles using the arthritis drug Vioxx.
AP - Software giant Microsoft Corp. and the media and entertainment powerhouse Time Warner Inc. ran into fresh trouble with the European Union on Wednesday as antitrust regulators ordered an in-depth probe of their deal to collaborate in making anti-piracy software.
"A   recent report  filed by the Associated Press contained a startling bit of information:      About 15 percent of the 4,800-plus delegates and alternates to the convention in New York are veterans, organizers said Monday. An additional 3 percent are active military personnel.      This report was   displayed prominently  on the Republican National  Committee's website, and   lauded gleefully  by the fine folks at Free Republic, among others    As it turns out though, it's actually not such a good thing to have active-duty military anywhere near a political convention - if you value your democracy.  In fact, up until just a few days before the convention, it was quite illegal for active-duty military even to attend.  And yet, there it was in black and white.  Active duty military members were not only attending, but participating as delegates in the RNC.  How could this happen?    "
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The Federal Open Market committee is meeting behind closed doors on Tuesday and the most that financial markets can muster is a collective yawn.
KATHMANDU: Thousands of opposition party supporters rallied in the Nepalese capital yesterday demanding the king return sovereignty to the people.
"PHILADELPHIA -- Left-handed reliever Rheal Cormier is returning to the Philadelphia Phillies, agreeing to a \$5.75 million, two-year contract."
Then he hit a mistake out of the park in the top of the 11th inning and put Anaheim back in sole possession of first place in the American League West.
"Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling underwent a three-hour operation Tuesday to fix a ruptured tendon in his right ankle. Dr. Bill Morgan, the team physician, performed the surgery."
"When was the last time you read a good mystery novel, or munched popcorn while watching a mystery flick at your local theater? Odds are, either of these entertainments set you back at least \$10 and lasted a few hours."
"Police commanders toured the Al Aqsa Mosque compound Thursday, ahead of a final decision by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on whether to restrict access of Muslim worshippers."
"NASA scientists, looking at the first close-up images of Titan, were able to peer through the atmosphere of the Saturn moon enough to see a checkered landscape under surprisingly clear skies."
"Chicago -- Citing  quot;an urgent need quot; at a time of flu vaccine shortages, Illinois asked for federal permission Monday to buy at least 62,000 vaccine doses from Europe for the state #39;s nursing home residents."
"For the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough."
"PMC-Sierra Inc. warned Wall Street third-quarter revenues won #39;t meet expectations, but that wasn #39;t enough to persuade investors to pull out of the beleaguered chip sector."
"Technology News, LOS ANGELES - It takes a special kind of person to stay up all night and stand in a line nearly 250 people long just to buy a video game -- but for rabid fans of the first  quot;Halo quot; on the Xbox video game console, it was well worth the wait "
"Red Sox chairman Tom Werner did not need an introduction to Theo Epstein.  quot;I knew Theo when he was in San Diego, quot; Werner said while sitting in a conference room in Fenway Park as fans filed in for the second game of the World Series."
"Reuters - A 58-year-old Colorado man received a\new kidney on Wednesday in the first transplant operation in\the United States using an organ found on a private Web site,\hospital officials said."
Who #39;s next on first? McDonald #39;s (nyse: MCD - news - people ) isn #39;t saying. Earth #39;s biggest restauranteur would neither confirm nor deny a published report Thursday that its succession plan calls for Vice Chairman 
"COLUMBIA, SC -- Lou Holtz told his South Carolina staff and players Thursday that he is retiring after this season, clearing the way for Steve Spurrier to take over as the Gamecocks #39; head coach and complete the handoff between two of college football #39;s "
Europeans are a step closer to having television on their mobile phones: Two groups of companies said they would push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
"The pace of job creation picked up modestly in August and the unemployment rate edged down, the Labor Dept. said."
"CHICAGO - DePaul men #39;s basketball coach Dave Leitao has agreed to a six-year contract extension, the university announced Friday."
"Ten or more years of mobile phone use increases the risk of developing acoustic neuroma, a benign tumor on the auditory nerve, according to a study released on Wednesday by Sweden #39;s Karolinska Institute."
"The crisis-hit Russian oil company Yukos sought refuge in a United States bankruptcy court yesterday, telling the presiding judge it had no recourse within Russia #39;s judicial system."
"AP - Thousands of abortion-rights activists marched across the Brooklyn Bridge on Saturday, the latest in a growing procession of protests leading up to the Republican National Convention."
"PHOENIX -- A troubled, 20-year journey to create the world #39;s most powerful optical telescope is nearing an end, with astronomers hoping to begin using the instrument to look for heavenly breakthroughs early next year."
"Eight nations with Arctic territory agreed Wednesday to fight glacial melting and other effects of climate change in the region, though they declined to endorse any new steps "
"Initial reviews of the nation's largest accounting firms have turned up numerous rule violations and shoddy recordkeeping practices, as regulators embarked on a new effort to regularly examine auditors' work."
"In an effort to revive flattening sales and attract new drinkers, Anheuser-Busch is unveiling a new concoction - a fruity-smelling beer, spiked with caffeine, guarana and ginseng."
like that elegant strike against Wales on Saturday - he has a tempestuous streak running through that hot head of his. A streak of recklessness which - once again - has landed him in trouble.
" LONDON (Reuters) - Anglican leaders, striving to stop their  loose association of churches falling apart, urged North  American Episcopalians on Monday to ban same-sex marriages and  the consecration of gay bishops."
"- Red Sox 3, Orioles 2: At Boston, Mark Bellhorn singled in two runs in the bottom of the ninth as the Red Sox snapped a three-game losing streak after nearly blowing the game in the top of the inning."
"2002 Jan. President Bush describes Iraq, Iran, and North Korea as an  quot;axis of evil. quot;"
"The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine rose to 64 on Friday and chances that 84 missing miners might still be alive were  quot;quite slim, #39; #39; the government said."
"Braselton --- Mat Mladin took the first step toward sewing up a fifth AMA Superbike title, fighting off a charging Miguel Duhamel to win Saturday #39;s round of the weekend Suzuki Superbike Challenge."
"A debate is festering among graduates and parents at St. Paul's, an elite school in New Hampshire, with critics accusing trustees and the rector of mismanagement."
China #39;s biggest computer maker says it has acquired a majority stake in IBM #39;s personal computer business. The 1.75- billion-dollar deal is one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever.
Rangers can reduce their grim 68 million pound (\$123 million) debt by beating CSKA Moscow in Wednesday #39;s final Champions League qualifier but manager Alex McLeish 
Families of British victims in the Sept. 11 terror attacks would gather at a memorial garden here on Saturday to commemorate the third anniversary of the tragic event.
"HYDERABAD -- Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who heads for Kashmir on Wednesday, said yesterday his visit is aimed at putting an end to years of violence in the troubled Himalayan region. Singh's comments came as thousands of Kashmiri Muslims, scarred by 15 years of violence, celebrated Eid al-Fitr days after India announced it would reduce the number of troops in ..."
" ALAMEDA, California (Sports Network) - Oakland cornerback  Charles Woodson finally ended a lengthy holdout Tuesday and  signed the Raiders' one-year tender. The deal is reportedly  worth \$8.782 million for the upcoming season."
"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand for devices that slow racing heartbeats, offsetting a weaker-than-expected performance in some ..."
Indonesians are preparing to go to the polls Monday in the final round of the country #39;s first-ever democratic presidential election.
"CHICAGO Insurance giant Aon Corporation is looking for a new chief executive officer to succeed Patrick Ryan, who is retiring. The 67-year-old Ryan intends to stay on as CEO until his successor is named and "
"BALTIMORE - Brian Roberts and Larry Bigbie had two hits apiece in an eight-run third inning, and the Baltimore Orioles ended the New York Yankees' five-game winning streak with a 14-8 victory Friday night.    Miguel Tejada and Melvin Mora homered, and B.J..."
"The Philippines put the toll at more than 1,000 dead or missing in four storms in two weeks but, even with a break in the weather on Saturday "
AP - India's top software exporter Tata Consultancy Services announced Monday it has won a multimillion dollar deal with Italian sports car maker Ferrari to design Formula 1 engines.
"BRUSSELS - The European Central Bank has lowered its growth forecast for the eurozone economy this year to 1.8 from a previously projected 1.9, and to 1.9 from 2.3 in 2005, sources close to the ECB said."
Boston College cleared a major legal hurdle in its bid to join the Atlantic Coast Conference yesterday when a Massachusetts Superior Court judge issued summary judgment in favor of the school's attempt to depart the Big East next July under the old provisions of the conference's constitution.
"At least 39 people have been killed and more than 80 wounded after a car bomb exploded at a rally to commemorate an assassinated militant religious leader in central Pakistan, police say."
"In a move that caught the publishing world by surprise, an underdog bidder defeated the likes of media bigwigs Bruce Wasserstein, Robert Krakoff and Jimmy "
Mr Latham is due to leave St Vincent #39;s hospital in Sydney after being treated for pancreatitis. Mr Latham says he is feeling much better and expects to be back at work next week. 
"WASHINGTON, DC -- Denver Nuggets forward Rodney White has pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor firearm charges in Washington DC after being arrested in September."
"AP - Even in the pain of last year's collapse, Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein was confident Boston will someday win the World Series."
" BASRA, Iraq (Reuters) - A pipeline exploded in Iraq's south  Rumaila oil field on Sunday, days after several pipelines in  the same area were sabotaged, a Reuters witness said."
"President Bush, who credits three years of tax relief programs with helping strengthen the slow economy, said Saturday he would sign into law the Working Families Tax Relief Act to preserve tax cuts."
"Hassan al-Jarrah in Najaf, Nadeem Majeed in Baghdad and Tribune news services contributed to this report. BAGHDAD -- In a move intended to free US forces for an expected "
"Just three weeks after the first strike, Jeanne on Saturday and Sunday tracked Frances across the state. It reopened some wounds and cut new ones, some of them deeper because of "
By Ambrose Evans-Pritchard in Brussels and Bruce Johnston in Rome. The European Union #39;s incoming justice commissioner accused MEPs yesterday of anti-Catholic  quot;fundamentalism quot; after they voted him unfit to take 
"A newfound planet detected by a small, 4-inch-diameter telescope demonstrates that we are at the cusp of a new age of planet discovery. Soon, new worlds may be located at an accelerating pace, bringing the detection of the first Earth-sized world one step closer."
"As Torii Hunter stood in the middle of the Minnesota Twins #39; raucous clubhouse, two teammates sneaked up from behind and threw a cooler full of water on him."
AP - Philadelphia Eagles punt returner/running back Reno Mahe will miss Sunday's game against Washington because of a high ankle sprain.
"As if the rivalry weren't chock-full of subplots already, the Red Sox will inject another today when they submit their 25-man roster for the American League Championship Series and replace Kevin Youkilis with Ramiro Mendoza , who won two World Series rings with the Yankees."
"AP - U.S. military officials and representatives of rebel Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr held talks Sunday aimed at reducing violence in the restive Baghdad slum of Sadr City, a day after clashes there killed 10 people, officials said. British forces in the southern city of Basra, also the site of recent fighting, held similar talks with al-Sadr officials there."
"Progress was reported in Vienna Wednesday on the talks over Iran #39;s nuclear program but details were not available. Negotiators for Britain, Germany and France met with Iranians to discuss the issue, CNN reported."
"AFP - Lithuanian sharpshooter Sarunas Jasikevicius, snubbed by the National Basketball Association, made the most of his second chance to deliver a dagger into the hearts of a United States Olympic team of NBA talent."
"Paula Radcliffe said she would run in the New York City Marathon on Nov. 7, 77 days after dropping out during the Olympic marathon."
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Romeo Dallaire has stepped back from the edge of the abyss.
"Cray taps Linux for more affordable supercomputing\ Trying to expand outside its traditional technical markets, Cray on Monday unveiled its first Linux-based supercomputer. The new Cray XD1 series runs Suse Linux on AMDs Opteron chip. The 64-bit system is organized as six two-way SMPs that can deliver 58 gigaflops per chassis. The system can handle as many as six 3.5-inch serial ATA drives and has a memory bandwidth of 12.8GB per SMP. It also features four PCI-X bus slots and a dual port Gigabit Ethernet PCI-X card for as many as eight Gigabit Ethernet ports per chassis. Pricing starts at \$50,000 for a 12-processor chassis and goes to \$2 million for a 288-processor configuration with two racks of 12 chassis each.\XD1, Cray"
"CARTAGENA, Colombia President Bush is shrugging off a pair of security flaps during his just-concluded visit to Chile. In one incident, Chilean security guards barred Bush #39;s Secret Service detail from a dinner "
"AP - Melissa Bean hands out seat cushions that spell out the reason Democrats think she can beat veteran Rep. Phil Crane on Nov. 2. They read: ""Crane. The Original Seat Warmer. So many years ... so few accomplishments."""
"Independent directors of Marsh   McLennan Cos. approached New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer this week about settling the corruption charges Spitzer has brought against the giant insurance broker and financial services firm, according to sources close to the investigation."
"XM Satellite Radio goes after subscribers in their cars, and in their homes, and now it #39;s targeting folks in the gym or just about anywhere."
"For U.S. soldiers in Iraq celebrating Thanksgiving away from their families, the day's events showed some traditions can be transplanted, even to the palm groves and farm fields near Baqubah."
England #39;s friendly with Spain tomorrow night has been overshadowed by a row between Madrid and London Olympic officials. They have clashed over the use of the match to promote the Spanish city #39;s bid for the 2012 Games.
"BELGRADE -- Wednesday - Unknown assailants tried to force a car carrying Serbian President Boris Tadic off the road last night in what appeared to be a planned attack, according to Belgrade daily Vecernje Novosti."
"Van Nistelrooy could be banned for three matches if charged by the FA following what appeared to be a stamp on the England full-back #39;s foot, an incident missed during the game itself by referee Mike Riley."
"SALINA - An unprecedented attempt at a solo, around-the-world, nonstop, unrefueled flight will have a distinct Kansas flavor. The around-the-world flight of the GlobalFlyer will begin and, if things go right, finish at the Salina Municipal Airport."
"Amid fanfare fit for actual world-class athletes, five Americans with really quick fingers took home the gold medal in the popular ""Counter Strike"" competition of the World Cyber Games championships, capping five days of intense gaming by the world's elite."
Two former Computer Associates executives pleaded not guilty last week to charges involving a multi-billion dollar accounting scandal.
"AP - Justice Department antitrust regulators cleared the way Monday for Cingular Wireless LLC's  #36;41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc., a crucial step toward creating the nation's largest wireless telephone company."
"Reuters - Intel and Nokia will jointly\develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,\the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first\major cooperative effort in cell phones."
"KIEV: Voting began Sunday in Ukraine #39;s presidential elections, seen as a critical test for the future of democratic development in the former Soviet state, a foreign news agency reported."
AP - Paul Hamm appeared before the sports world's highest court Monday to argue why he should keep his Olympic gymnastics gold medal.
"This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients."
"AP - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies."
SHANNAN Taylor plans to use his World Boxing Foundation (WBF) super middleweight title fight on Friday as  quot;a battery charge quot; for his attempt on a far more prestigious and meaningful world title next year.
"His credentials as an economist and as a Finance minister were never in doubt, but now it appears that Indian Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh is becoming politically consummate as the representative of a billion plus people residing in a single country."
New York -- Former Houston Astros slugger Ken Caminiti died today at age 41. The 1996 National League MVP admitted during his major league career that he had used steroids.
Life returns slowly to normal in the battered Iraqi city after a huge US-led operation to wrest control from insurgents.
"AFP - Two days of hard politicking on Iraq have left the US presidential candidates locked into opposing visions: George W. Bush sees a country marching towards democracy, John Kerry sees one descending into chaos."
"AP - Lawmakers have agreed to return California's primary to its traditional date of June, ending the state's eight-year experiment with a March primary."
"Human rights groups said the proposed compensation for those tortured under Chile #39;s former military regime isn #39;t enough, La Tercera reported Tuesday."
"The crowd chanted Yao Ming's name all game, soaking up the novelty of the NBA in another tribute to a player who is fast becoming a one-man basketball marketing force in China."
THE United States helped negotiate the protocol under former President Bill Clintons administration. But President George W. Bush ditched the agreement shortly after coming 
"Viacom said today that it expects to make a bid for MarketWatch Inc., according to a US Securities and Exchange Commission filing."
"Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal Conservatives are girding for a same-sex battle with Paul Martin's Liberals, saying they will move to protect the traditional definition of marriage."
WebMethods Inc. said yesterday it has delayed filing its quarterly financial results because an employee in one of its international subsidiaries has raised concerns about some of its business dealings.
WASHINGTON - The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear a case focusing on whether peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software vendors should be penalized for unauthorized file trading when their software is used.
29 August 2004 -- The US military says an explosion near a school in southeastern Afghanistan has killed 10 people. US military spokeswoman Master Sergeant Ann Bennett says the people killed by the explosion 
United Airlines is pushing for another \$725 million in labor concessions and the elimination of employees traditional pensions as it seeks the financing to come out of bankruptcy.
European antitrust regulators said Monday they have extended their review of a deal between Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. to make anti-piracy software together.
"For the bulk of the 89 minutes that the US National Team went without a goal against an inspired Jamaican side, chances were created -- some of the golden opportunity nature -- but none were converted. And it nearly put the Americans behind the proverbial ..."
Tim Henman was due to began his bid for a third Swiss Indoors title in Basel today as the top-ranked player following the withdrawal of Roger Federer with a thigh injury.
"ANN ARBOR, Mich. - Freshman Chad Henne threw two touchdowns in a surprising start for Michigan, helping the eighth-ranked Wolverines to a 43-10 victory over Miami of Ohio on Saturday that ended the nation's longest winning streak..."
"AP - A sweeping wildlife preserve in southwestern Arizona is among the nation's 10 most endangered refuges, due in large part to illegal drug and immigrant traffic and Border Patrol operations, a conservation group said Friday."
"Sammy Sosa was out of the lineup against the Montreal Expos yesterday because of bursitis in his right hip. And his replacement, Ben Grieve, was injured while making a catch."
"Jet Propulsion Lab -- As NASA's Spirit and Opportunity resumed reliable contact with Earth, after a period when Mars passed nearly behind the sun, the space agency extended funding for an additional six months of rover operations, as long as they keep working.     Both rovers successfully completed their primary three-month missions on the surface of Mars in April and have already added about five months of bonus exploration during the first extension of their missions..."
Reuters - OPEC oil producers were poised on Friday\to stamp out excess supply that has lowered world prices from\record highs.
"That #39;s how they #39;ve been linked, since the first Hollywood minute. That #39;s how they #39;ll be judged, until something short of death do they part."
France's foreign minister says Turkey should acknowledge the 1915 genocide of Armenians before it joins the EU.
"NAJAF, Aug 22: Heavy clashes flared between US troops and militiamen in Najaf on Sunday after the suspension of a proposed hand over of the militia #39;s shrine stronghold to Iraq #39;s religious leadership."
"Leading ISPs, anti-spam vendors, and e-mail software companies are moving quickly to add support for the Microsoft-backed anti-spam technology standard Sender ID, even as some e-mail experts raise doubts that the technology will work."
"Dale Fuller, president and CEO of Borland, has been with the company since 1999, when it had temporarily been renamed Inprise. Recently, the company has been touting its ALM (application lifecycle management) strategy and efforts to provide for a unified, manufacturing-like structure for software development projects. InfoWorld Editor-at-Large Paul Krill spoke with Fuller at the BorCon conference in San Jose, Calif., last week about Borland's tools and ALM strategies and issues such as Java vs. .Net, Web services, and outsourcing."
"Drivers try to focus on racing with the tragedy that killed 10 still weighing on their minds. By BRANT JAMES, Times Staff Writer. HAMPTON, Ga."
"AP - President Bush's nephew, campaigning for overseas votes in Mexico on Saturday, called the federal policy of arming U.S. Border Patrol agents with plastic pellet guns ""reprehensible."""
"A scientific study shows that audio spam, or spit, will be a new headache for Internet users. The study is carried out by a Maryland-based technology company, China Radio International reported Monday."
There is no question in trainer Bobby Frankels mind who will claim Horse of the Year honors when the Eclipse Awards are handed out in January.
"October 27, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to a report by Internetnews.com, America Online (aol.com) has reversed course and returned to the Microsoft-backed (microsoft."
"Kevin Brown gave manager Joe Torre exactly what he was looking for, even if the skipper had to see it on television. Brown may not have been efficient, but he "
"Mac sites were abuzz Friday on reports that Apple is readying a color-screen iPod in time for the holidays. According to Mac news and rumor site Think Secret, the 60GB device would be similar to the current "
"London, England (Sports Network) - Bolton striker El-Hadji Diouf was charged with  quot;improper conduct quot; by the English Football Association (FA) Monday."
The Tungsten T5 and the Axim X50v provide impressive extras for PDA fans who want more.
"WASHINGTON - Drafts of a report from the top U.S. inspector in Iraq conclude there were no weapons stockpiles, but say there are signs the fallen Iraqi President Saddam Hussein had dormant programs he hoped to revive at a later time, according to people familiar with the findings..."
"FRANKFURT : As the euro continued to rise against the dollar, speculation intensified over whether the European Central Bank, meeting this week to set interest rates, would feel compelled to act either by intervening directly on the forex markets or by "
"Police Thursday arrested a top leader of India #39;s striking truckers who are protesting new taxes, officials said. Truck union leaders say the arrest of OP Agrawal, chief of the All India Transport Welfare Association, would not affect the ongoing strike."
"PC World - Chip maker will being testing the emerging, high-speed wireless technology."
"Reuters - Cosmetics manufacturer Estee Lauder\Cos. Inc. (EL.N) on Tuesday said quarterly net income jumped 51\percent, bolstered by new product sales and an improving U.S.\retail market."
The German football association (DFB) suspended Germany international Oliver Neuville for two matches on Monday for deliberately handling the ball into the net during the weekend #39;s Bundesliga action.
"Former Enron Corp. executive Michael Kopper said his ex-boss, Andrew Fastow, promised to buy back Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. #39;s interest in Nigerian barges as part of a plan to falsely boost Enron #39;s revenue by \$12 million."
"Reuters - House of Representatives Majority\Leader Tom DeLay, admonished twice in six days by his chamber's\ethics committee, withstood calls on Thursday by rival\Democrats and citizen groups that he step aside."
"AFP - The number of Japanese aged 100 or older is set to top 23,000 by the end of September, up 12 percent from a year earlier, in another sign of the nation's rapid transition to a greying society, officials said."
"Jockey Sean Fox, who mysteriously jumped from his horse mid-race and sparked fears of a betting scam, won his appeal Thursday against a 21-day suspension."
"It's not just work that's being outsourced from wealthy nations to poorer ones. These days, online gamers in developing countries are being paid to earn virtual goods that wealthier players are too lazy or unskilled to win on their own. By Laila Weir."
INVESTORS in Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality will trade in a knowledge vacuum today as they await the big decision from Woolworths.
"AP - Lute Olson turned 70 last month, not that anyone would know it by looking at him or his basketball program. He remains a towering, imposing presence, in excellent physical shape thanks to regular workouts and brisk 70-minute walks each morning in the hills around his home. The white hair is still perfect. And the basketball talent keeps rolling in to Tucson."
"Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning barely won re-election to the US Senate on Tuesday, edging Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo by about 2 percent of the vote in Kentucky."
Ian Poulter might just have to reassess his year if he wins the Volvo Masters in southern Spain today. The flamboyant Englishman might have to raise his previous mark of self-estimation from one out of 10 
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox crushed the New  York Yankees 10-3 Wednesday to complete an historic comeback  victory over their arch-rivals by four games to three in the  American League Championship Series.
"The most important news story of this fall, ultimately more important than the re-election of the president, was the awarding of the X Prize to Burt Rutan for his SpaceShipOne flights."
MOSS BLUFF -- Hundreds of people who were evacuated last week when a tower of burning natural gas began roaring from an underground storage cavern were allowed to return home this morning.
Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson has said the group is in talks with a Chinese company over setting up a mobile phone service in mainland China.
"NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Just days after settling one anti-trust lawsuit with Microsoft, Novell filed another one. According to a Novell (down \$0."
"Google stole some thunder from Microsoft #39;s introduction of a rival search engine by announcing that it has doubled the number of indexed pages its search engine processes, from 4 billion to 8 billion."
"MONROVIA, LIBERIA - The capital of Liberia is under curfew Friday following an outbreak of violence that reportedly left churches and a mosque in flames."
"JAPAN #39;S Mizuki Noguchi foiled premature British celebrations to win the women #39;s marathon today, beating world record-holder and scorching favourite Paula Radcliffe."
Phillips foresees completing the takeover by Dec. 30 and seeks to allay customer and reseller worries. By Charles Babcock. Oracle president Charles Phillips will journey up the road to PeopleSoft Inc.
"The EU iTunes Music Store retains the same features and per-song price of 99 euro cents, established in June for customers in UK, Germany and France."
"One of the rarest snakes in the U.S., the Louisiana pine snake is relatively abundant on a tract of commercial forest in the state. Scientists hope to learn why."
"With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority."
"Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by US patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday."
New Delhi: The Government on Saturday deferred a decision on the issue of raising the retail prices of petrol and diesel prices. A decision is likely to be taken tomorrow.
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Business software maker Siebel  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SEBL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;SEBL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said third-quarter revenue  would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in  licensing revenue, sending its shares up almost 16 percent."
Andrew Hall and Boeta Dippenaar built a solid fifth-wicket partnership to leave the first Test in Kanpur evenly balanced at the close on day one.
"Michael Phelps has been forced to pulled out of the 400m individual medley at the Short Course World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis in the US, due to a sore back."
AFP - Prosecutors expect to file charges against Indiana Pacers players and Detroit Pistons supporters in the wake of a brawl last Friday that led to record suspensions and at least nine people injured.
"On Sept. 21 a landmark trial will begin. At stake is no less than \$280 billion in what the feds claim is ill-gotten profits. As an industry, tobacco is no stranger to the courts."
"Reuters - After years of paying the price of petty\corruption, unreliable infrastructure and laws that allow for\high staff turnover, outsourcing firm Netlink is planning to\buck a trend by moving from India to the United Arab Emirates."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumers turned gloomier in  October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in  Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential  campaign."
Microsoft is shaking up its plans for the next version of Windows to get the software off the drawing board and into PCs by the end of 2006.
"One of the feel-good stories of the Olympics turned sour Saturday, becoming the latest in a long line of scoring controversies that seem to show up in every Games."
"PHOENIX (Ticker) -- Jack Wilson lofted a sacrifice fly in the top of the 10th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a wild 8-7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks. In the 10th, Jose Castillo drew leadoff walk against Greg Aquino (0-1) and stole ..."
"Lahore - Two second-half goals from Florian Keller helped Germany beat New Zealand 2-1 on Sunday at Pakistan #39;s National Stadium in the city of Lahore, guaranteeing its place in the men #39;s field-hockey Champions Trophy next year."
Futures on the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose after a government report showed retail sales rose more than forecast last month.
"BioVeris Corp. announced yesterday that it settled two lawsuits against Jacob N. Wohlstadter, its chief executive's son, whom the company had accused of spending millions of dollars on cars and real estate to sabotage a joint venture he ran so he could purchase it for a bargain price."
"Sony Corp. and a group of investors reached a final agreement to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for US\$12 a share, or about US\$2.9 billion, to gain control of one of the world #39;s largest film libraries."
"Reuters - Morningstar Inc., the mutual fund and\stock research provider, on Friday said it may face U.S.\Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over incorrect\data it published about a mutual fund."
Evertons matchwinner Lee Carsley insisted the great team spirit at Goodison Park was the key to their Merseyside derby victory over Liverpool this afternoon.
WASHINGTON -- Grocery wholesaler Fleming Cos. and some of its suppliers and their employees have agreed to settle Securities and Exchange Commission claims of accounting fraud.
"Silvio Berlusconi, the Houdini of European politics, escaped jail last night on charges of bribing Roman judges. At the end of the Prime Minister #39;s trial in Milan, judges cleared him "
"Businesses in Europe, Asia can net bucks for outdated computer equipment, company says. \"
"AP - Mississippi State will find out if it can win with its star player. On Friday night in Birmingham, Ala., the 12th-ranked Bulldogs struggled offensively in their second game without preseason All-America Lawrence Roberts, a 55-48 victory over Birmingham-Southern in the quarterfinals of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic."
"AP - Smuggling of goods ranging from oil to frozen food is costing China's treasury billions of dollars each year, threatening the national economy and possibly even communist rule despite a marathon crackdown, officials said Tuesday."
"Once upon a time, not so long ago, great local families built great local buildings. Exhibit A in Boston, of course, was Norman Leventhal and his family, developers of Rowes Wharf, 75 State St., and South Station to name just three."
"After a meeting with Secretary of State Colin Powell, China #39;s top diplomat accused the United States on Thursday of endangering peace in the Taiwan Straits by selling weapons to Taiwan."
"US computer giant Apple is locked in a cybersquatting battle with a 22-year-old London Internet whiz kid over the itunes.co.uk website, a domain the company wants for its chain of iTunes online music stores."
American Airlines reported Monday that it will defer the delivery of 54 aircraft in order to postpone capital spending and allow the airline more flexibility in its restructuring.
"People in Ghana are closely following the vote counting after Tuesday #39;s election, with final results expected late Wednesday. After waiting patiently in line Tuesday to cast votes in their fourth consecutive "
"Reuters - Gateway Inc. (GTW.N), the computer\maker that recently shuttered its chain of 188 stores, will\begin selling its desktops at CompUSA Inc.'s outlets later this\week, the two companies said on Monday."
"Now Google-gawkers will start to discover if the much-hyped initial public offering was the great, equal-opportunity money maker for all mankind or one incredibly dopey deal. "
Should prices for blank media and recording products include a royalty fee to copyright holders for presumed losses to piracy?
"Computer giant Microsoft has fully rolled out its crucial security update to computers running its Windows XP. Last week, it  quot;soft launched quot; Service Pack 2 (SP2) security update, making it available for some "
"Brisbane, Australia: Australia grabbed two key wickets to have New Zealand on the defensive on the opening morning of the first cricket Test at the Gabba in Brisbane on Thursday."
The Golden Palace.com Space Program Powered by the da Vinci Project announced that the launch of its private rocket has delayed until at least January.
"Annual global semiconductor sales growth will probably fall by half in 2005 and memory chip sales could collapse as a supply glut saps prices, world-leading memory chip maker Samsung Electronics said on Monday."
"BAGHDAD -- Two car bomb attacks killed at least 17 Iraqi security officers on duty yesterday in the Sunni Triangle north and west of the capital, and two foreign truck drivers were fatally shot in the northern city of Mosul."
FT.com - A new weekly music television show that will showcase charts for mobile phone ringtones and music downloads is to be aired on ITV1 in a sign of the growing influence of both the mobile phone and the internet on music sales.
"So now, the second wave of reaction has set in to last Friday night #39;s Pistons-Pacers-Fans brawl at the Palace. At first, the reaction was shock, dismay, outrage."
"ATHENS - The United States won its first fencing medals in 20 years Tuesday, a bronze by an Atlanta-area competitor and a gold by Mariel Zagunis in the saber competition. "
"The Netsky-P worm, which was first seen in March, accounted for almost a quarter of all virus incidents reported during 2004, says security firm Sophos, making it the hardest-hitting virus of the year."
Leeds refused to let the latest off-field drama overshadow their performance as they made Rotherham appear relegation certainties after handing Ronnie Moores side a first-half lesson at Millmoor.
"NEW YORK, Nov. 29 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Lehman Brothers, the global investment bank, today announced that Christopher M. O #39;Meara, 43, has been named Chief Financial Officer."
"Creative Commons Search Engine Integrated into Firefox 1.0\\Creative Commons today unveiled an updated beta version of its search engine, which scours the web for text, images, audio, and video free to re-use on certain terms a search refinement offered by no other company or organization today. Creative Commons rsquo; announcement coincides ..."
"SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- The Transportation Security Administration has approved Taser International #39;s stun guns for use aboard a major international commercial airline."
"Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer."
US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld didn #39;t bring much good news to a group of Marines in Iraq. He warned Sunday during a town-hall meeting in at an airbase in the country #39;s west that violence may well 
"MONTREAL (CP) - The Expos may be history, but their demise has heated up the market for team memorabilia. Vintage 1970s and 1980s shirts are already sold out, but everything from caps, beer glasses and key-chains to dolls of mascot Youppi!"
Sudan has eased access to its troubled Darfur region for relief workers and supplies but hasn #39;t disbanded the marauding militia that caused 1.5 million people to flee their homes 
"Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run in the Palestinian presidential election as an independent candidate to replace late Yasser Arafat,the local Ha #39;aretz daily reported Thursday."
"TOKYO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., a chipmaking joint venture between Japanese electronics giants Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp."
McKinsey says a post-boom tech industry can profit mightily by taking stock in the operations of many slower-growth industries.
"WASHINGTON - John Kerry's Vietnam War service records run to multiple medal commendations and a notation of ""conspicuous gallantry"" in combat. President Bush's file tracks the stateside career of a National Guard test pilot..."
"Scientists said the launch of NASA's Deep Impact mission has been delayed until at least January 12. The mission's goal is to smash a spacecraft into a comet on July 4, 2005."
Sydney - Australian police and wildlife officers were ordered on Friday to destroy a large shark which killed a teenage surfer in a savage attack as his horrified schoolfriends looked on.
"David Ortiz drove in three runs, including the game winner in the bottom of the 14th inning, to lead Boston to a rallying 5-4 victory over the New York Yankees which kept the Red Sox #39;s postseason hopes alive Monday."
Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye dismissed Vice-President Alphonse Marie Kadege on Wednesday for failing in his main mission of assisting the head of state.
"GENEVA Oct 21, 2004 - Humanity #39;s reliance on fossil fuels, the spread of cities, the destruction of natural habitats for farmland and over-exploitation of the oceans are destroying Earth #39;s ability to sustain life, the environmental group WWF warned in a "
"Massive database holds info on millions of voters, and is used to get people to the polls."
"Supreme Court justices on Tuesday uncorked tough questions for states that ban direct shipments of wine. With eager winemakers looking on, the court confronted two competing constitutional mandates."
"The Yankees should soon clinch their seventh consecutive division title, but they have little reason to be confident in their starters."
"The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a European-negotiated plan for policing Iran #39;s nuclear programs. The United States, which claims Iran is trying to build a nuclear "
"AP - How do you explain a quarterback sneak in Chinese? How about a blitz, an onside kick, or a fair catch?"
We had some good times this season. Remember that time I sat in the press box in Norman and watched your freshman running back dazzle?
The International Olympic Committee has stripped a Greek weightlifter of his bronze medal and expelled him from the Athens Games for a doping offense.
"GAINESVILLE - Urban Meyer always said his family would help shape any decision concerning his football coaching future. On Saturday, someone asked the University of Utah coach why he ultimately chose to take the Florida job."
"And according to their lawyer, Alwyn Griebenow, they might spill the beans on their British recruiter, who allegedly plotted a coup in Equatorial Guinea."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar weakened on Wednesday on  dealers' renewed concern about the ability of the United States  to finance its trade and current account deficits, causing a  recent rebound in the currency to fizzle out."
"AFP - Dikembe Mutombo, the 38-year-old African center who has played 13 seasons in the National Basketball Association, says he has agreed to a trade deal that will put him alongside Yao Ming in Houston."
"Reuters - A video appearance by al Qaeda leader\Osama bin Laden, in which he said the United States may face\renewed attacks, cast a shadow over the outlook for the U.S.\stock market, analysts said on Friday."
"The Department of Justice took Oracle to court in May, claiming that its acquisition of PeopleSoft would create a duopoly between it and market leader SAP in the enterprise applications market."
"From the foot of the White Mountains to the tidal flats of Ipswich, in coffee shops and college campuses, gas stations and law firms, everywhere that Pedro, Manny, and Curt are revered, they heard the call beckoning them to the shrine of Beantown baseball."
"AP - Atari could have redefined guns and gas pedal mayhem with the much anticipated ""Driv3r"" (pronounced Driver 3), the latest installment in a series of bad-boy-driving-'n'-violence titles. But there's nothing new here to see  #151; nothing new graphically, emotionally, or functionally in the way of game play."
"AP - Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion bid for rival software maker PeopleSoft Inc. could drop by one-third to one-fourth, Oracle co-president Safra Catz said Monday."
VIA Technologies has announced details of its 64-bit architecture based Isaiah processor core with the engineering code name  #39;CN #39;.
"AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell warned North Korea against carrying out any new missile tests, saying Washington would not be intimidated into changing its policy towards the Stalinist state."
Deaf people who use sign language could soon be using video phones to make calls.
"The US government has asked DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Dodge to recall some of its Dodge Durango SUVs and Dodge Dakota pickup trucks due to concerns over their safety, Chrysler officials said on Thursday."
"AP - The Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday released defensive end Tony Brackens, the team's all-time sack leader."
"Foreign Institutional Investor Warburg Pincus International will pick up 2.75 per cent stake in Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 75.9 crore (Rs 759 million), subject to shareholders #39; approval."
"Like any prize, the value is counted as income; winners must pay up to \$7,000 or forfeit the car. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Leave it to Uncle Sam to spoil the party."
" TEHRAN (Reuters) - All options, including cutting quotas,  are up for discussion when OPEC ministers meet in Cairo this  week to plan their response to a sharp fall in prices, Iran's  Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh said Monday."
SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc. and stay a step ahead of Microsoft Corp.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson will recall Rio Ferdinand to his squad for two upcoming World Cup qualifiers but issued a warning to Michael Owen.
"COLFAX, Wash. -- Arraignment of two Seattle brothers facing charges in the slaying of a University of Idaho football player was continued Friday until Oct. 8. Lawyers for Matthew R. Wells II, 27, and James "
" BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Hungry and filthy,  Indonesians queued for water in their thousands on Tuesday as  aid deliveries to tsunami-ravaged Aceh province hit new snags."
"Basra, Iraq -- The British military says its troops have begun heading north to Baghdad from their base in southern Iraq. Large flatbed trucks can be seen carrying armored British vehicles up a road through Iraq #39;s southern desert."
"Despite all the Linux hype, the open-source movement has yet to make a huge splash in the desktop market.  That may be about to change, thanks to chipmaking giant Intel Corp. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"Four men who attempted to use what they believed was a loophole in Spanish law to allow them to sell MP3s online legally, along with the company behind the site they ran, have agreed to pay music labels \$10."
"Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress yesterday that the economy has  quot;regained some traction quot; after a lull in late spring, reinforcing expectations of higher "
"NBA player Michael Olowokandi was arrested early Thursday at an Indianapolis nightclub after a dispute with police, during which the Minnesota Timberwolves center was hit twice with an electronic stun gun, police said."
"According to a story on CNN #39;s Web site, the software giant #39;s recent acquisition of anti-spyware company GIANT might mean users have to pay in order to benefit from the added security to Microsoft applications."
"MALLORCA, Spain (Ticker) - Sergio Garcia lived up to his billing as pre-tournament favorite perfectly when he cruised to victory in the Mallorca Classic at Pula Golf Club Sunday."
"The US is losing ""the war of ideas"" in the Islamic world and must alter its approach, a Pentagon panel says."
European antitrust regulators extend their review of Microsoft-Time Warner deal. Also: Gateway plans to sell desktops at CompUSA   hellip;. Vodafone's Japanese unit headhunts an executive from rival NTT DoCoMo   hellip;. and more.
"Fifth-ranked Florida State was in the process of completing another comeback on the road, and Maryland coach Ralph Friedgen could think of only one course of action."
TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto stock market was higher Monday morning as energy stocks benefited from the world crude oil price #39;s move above \$46 US a barrel.
AP - Crystal Robinson scored a season-high 22 points and paced a 12-0 run that helped the New York Liberty gain a playoff berth in the WNBA with a 69-66 victory Friday night over the Connecticut Sun.
" quot;What a Choke, #39; #39;  quot;Hell Freezes Over, #39; #39;  quot;Damned Yankees, #39; #39; and  quot;Monumental Collapse #39; #39; were found on the front and back pages of Thursday #39;s New York newspapers."
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen sharply higher at the open Monday as investors remain upbeat about the outlook for economic and corporate profit growth...
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) has given preliminary approval to two new domain names. The  quot;.
"LAS VEGAS -- Joe Louis was once told that an opponent,  quot;Didn't like it to the body, quot; to which he replied,  quot;Who do? quot;"
"NAJAF, Iraq - Sporadic gunfire and explosions boomed through Najaf on Thursday despite a peace deal in which radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed to disarm his militiamen and pull them out of a revered Shiite shrine they've been taking refuge in.    As clashes in Najaf continued, Arab television station Al-Jazeera aired a video Thursday showing a militant group that called itself the Martyrs Brigade vowing to kill a missing Western journalist if U.S..."
The lab home of Linux founder Linus Torvalds hires an intellectual-property attorney and says hello to Beijing.
AP - J.L. Lewis matched his best score on the PGA Tour and was kicking himself for two easy birdie putts that got away.
"Chad will appoint auditors to investigate oil production by a US-Malaysia consortium after President Idriss Deby #39;s office accused the companies of cheating Africa #39;s newest oil producer out of much-needed foreign currency, an official said Friday."
Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan said they would give officials until Friday to meet their demands that the United Nations withdraw from the country and the US release Guantanamo Bay prisoners.
"SRINAGAR: Fourteen people, including nine soldiers, were killed in held Kashmir on Sunday, the Indian army said. An army spokesman said that the convoy had driven over a landmine detonated by separatist militants "
"So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as "
"Amkor Technology Inc., a provider of semiconductor assembly and test services, said Wednesday that it started talks with a group of institutional lenders regarding a credit facility for a \$300 million term loan."
"washingtonpost.com - Sometime in late winter, advocates for and opponents of public displays of the Ten Commandments will argue the issue before the U.S. Supreme Court for the first time in 25 years."
"Said one participant in the project,  quot;This is the day the world changes, quot; and you have to grant that he is on to something: Google #39;s plan to put the contents of five major libraries "
"Tokyo -- Former US Army Sgt. Charles Jenkins believes his conviction and sentence of 30 days in jail for desertion after nearly 40 years in North Korea is  quot;very fair, quot; his defense attorney told The Associated Press on Thursday."
"Reuters - Iraq's interim government is\considering nominees for the position of ambassador to the\United States for the first time since the 1991 Gulf War,\deputy foreign minister Hamid al-Bayati said on Thursday."
"Reuters - Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N), plans\on Wednesday to lay off hundreds of tellers and other employees\at Fleet bank branches, and ask them to leave immediately, the\Boston Globe said on Wednesday, citing documents it obtained\and Fleet branch managers."
"The CD will stay the most popular music format until at least the end of the decade when digital music will begin to challenge its crown, says a new survey."
"Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Contrary to Immigration Department claims, there is no shortage of native-borne exotic dancers in Canada, says a University of Toronto law professor who has studied the strip club business."
"Labonte, a native of Corpus Christi, Texas, announced Tuesday that he will compete in at least 10 races with Hendrick Motorsports in 2005 and 2006 before retiring from the series."
"AUBURN HILLS, Mich., Dec. 8 (Ticker) -- Richard Hamilton scored 19 points, including six in overtime, as the Detroit Pistons outlasted the Toronto Raptors, 90-86."
"AP - The government on Friday identified the British engineer who was kidnapped in Baghdad with two American colleagues, and the victim's family urged his captors to free him."
"The National Retail Federation, a trade group in Washington, estimated that the Thanksgiving weekend accounted for \$22.8 billion in sales."
Birmingham: Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said his team would try its best to go all the way in the ICC Champions Trophy after beating India in the group C league game.
"Two months after the heavily hyped release of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), the company has exceeded its delivery projections for individual users and small businesses."
"Reuters - Germany's music industry has switched\efforts to sell music over the Internet to Deutsche Telekom's\(DTEGn.DE) Web unit T-Online (TOIGn.DE) from a previous\collaboration with another Telekom division, it was announced\on Monday."
"Boston Scientific Corp. (BSX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it received US regulatory approval for a device to treat complications that arise in patients with end-stage kidney disease who need dialysis."
The fingerprint scanner on the new IBM ThinkPads is a discreet swipe sensor built into the palm rest. It lets users log in to Windows using their fingerprint or replace the ThinkPad #39;s existing 
"Coles Myer Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest retailer, said full-year profit rose 44 percent after boosting sales, cutting costs and increasing earnings at its department stores."
"Reuters - Nike Inc.  said on Thursday its\second quarter earnings rose, boosted by strong demand in the\United States and overseas for its namesake athletic shoes and\Converse sneakers."
"AFP - Australia, trailing India by 141 runs on the first innings, were 53 for no loss in their second knock at tea on the third day of the second cricket Test here."
"UNITED NATIONS: The African Union will determine in early October whether it can mobilise a force of 3000 to 5000 to help stop atrocities in Sudan #39;s Darfur region, Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo said today."
"PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Gunfire erupted in a slum teeming with loyalists of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide yesterday, sending people scattering through the trash-strewn streets following days of political clashes that have left at least 14 dead."
"Muhammad el-Baradei, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), sent a letter to the current UN Security Council President Sir Emyr Jones Parry last week expressing concern about the whereabouts of equipment from dismantled sites that "
"JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza StriP -- Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip yesterday as the army massed an armoured force in apparent preparation for a major military operation against militants in Jebaliya, the Palestinians #39; biggest "
"A Swiss referendum to cancel the law on root cell use taken from human embryo, resulted. The 66 percent of Swiss participants in a public survey said they supported a law passed by the Swiss government in "
"Singapore shares rose to fresh highs for the year Monday, with market sentiment buoyed by Wall Street #39;s broad gains on Friday, traders said."
"Michael Jackson wishes he had fought previous child molestation claims instead of trying to ""buy peace"", his lawyer says."
"Under the terms of the agreement, Cisco will pay approximately \$200 million in cash and options. The acquisition of P-Cube is subject to various standard closing conditions and is "
The president of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries says he has asked the US to release some of its emergency crude oil stocks.
"The parent company of American Airlines said it must refinance or replace an \$834 million credit facility or it might not be able to comply with one of the covenants of the loan, according to news reports Thursday."
"Reuters - FedEx Corp. , the world's top\air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more\than doubled on strong growth in its international, ground and\freight services."
"By DAVID CRARY     (AP) -- Rivaling Bush vs. Kerry for bitterness, doctors and trial lawyers are squaring off this fall in an unprecedented four-state struggle over limiting malpractice awards..."
"Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.\"
"The Spanish player was pivotal for the Grizzlies last year, averaging 17.7 points, 7.7 rebounds and 1.69 blocks per game. The 7-foot Gasol came in an impressive 20th overall in the NBA in field goal percentage, and 18th in blocks."
"Green ran for two touchdowns and caught a third Monday night to lead the Green Bay Packers to a 24-14 victory over the Panthers, who became the sixth straight team to lose in the Super Bowl and their ensuing season opener."
"America West Holdings Corp., of Phoenix, the parent company of America West Airlines, declined to bid for bankrupt ATA #39;s assets Thursday, America West said."
"The United States suggested last week that developing nations should provide regular updates on their greenhouse gas emissions to the United Nations, much as developed nations are required to."
 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar bobbed near a one-week high  against the euro on Tuesday as investors waited to see if  forthcoming U.S. data and a speech by Federal Reserve Chairman  Alan Greenspan would reinforce optimism over the U.S. economy.
SAN FRANCISCOOracle Corp. reported a 16 per cent rise in quarterly net income yesterday as the world #39;s second-largest software company benefited from steady demand for its flagship database software.
"LONDON - The Iraqi Islamic militant group holding two French journalists hostage has demanded a \$5m (2.8m) ransom for their release, to be paid within 48 hours, as well as a set of hard-to-meet demands."
"WASHINGTON Dec 13, 2004 - About 10 percent of all bird species face extinction by the end of the century and 15 percent more are on the brink, according to researchers who say such extinctions would have a widespread impact on the environment "
"Sony said Thursday that it would begin selling eight new television models outfitted with semiconductors designed to produce sharper images, including two with a lighting system that the company says is the world #39;s first. "
"Sunday #39;s Japanese GP looks set to go ahead as planned after the feared typhoon largely bypassed Suzuka on Saturday. With fears of torrential rain and 110mph winds, qualifying for the race was postponed for 24 hours."
"ROSEMONT, Ill. - The handwritten script appeared slowly at first, unspooling across the wide-screen video monitors inside the Allstate Arena as if scrawled by some giant, invisible hand..."
"Reuters - Novellus Systems Inc. , a\maker of semiconductor production equipment, on Wednesday\warned of a sharp business decline in the current quarter that\some analysts fear could turn into a long-term slump."
"Namibians began voting on Monday for a successor to founding President Sam Nujoma, who stands down in March after 15 years in charge."
"The company managing Rio Tinto iron ore #39;s rail lines in the Pilbara, in north-west Western Australia, says equipment failure rather than human error is to blame for a major derailment last week."
"Federal and state law enforcement agencies have quietly arrested or charged dozens of people with crimes related to junk e-mail, identity theft and other online scams."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar was feeling the heat on  Thursday as concerns about the U.S. trade and current account  deficits hardened the market's view that the currency's  downward spiral would continue.
"Like cicadas, debates about corporate governance pop up periodically with a great deal of whir and buzz. In 1992, for example, the business community protested Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Richard C. Breeden #39;s push for ..."
"Less than a week after a collecting a \$536 million settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell Inc. on Friday filed another lawsuit accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws."
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- PeopleSoft #39;s board could be the target of another shareholder lawsuit over the anti-takeover measures it adopted to fend off a hostile bid from rival Oracle, according to a lawyer representing a group of PeopleSoft shareholders."
"Delta Air Lines #39; much-awaited turnaround plan will include more job cuts at the ailing carrier, along with pay and benefits changes. "
The Metropolitan National Horse Show was a reminder of how much of what one thinks of as fashion started in the equestrian world.
"Riggs Bank investigators have found evidence of possible criminal activities by some former employees who managed the accounts of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet and have referred their findings to federal prosecutors, according to several sources."
AP - Hundreds of angry French farmers mounted blockades around the country Monday to hold up fuel shipments in protest at soaring diesel and gasoline prices and to press their demands for government aid.
"The doctor is out, but his tactics drive campaigns from Florida to Alaska. By Samantha M. Shapiro from Wired magazine."
"Playboy Enterprises Inc. (PLA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the adult entertainment company, on Tuesday reported a third-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss "
"Controversy and outrage are bound to result from a video game that includes cop killing, virtual sex, drive-by shootings and enough expletives to make a trucker blush."
"In the latest alliance between a cable and telephone company, cable operator Mediacom Communications Corp. on Wednesday said it would use Sprint Corp."
"Toll Brothers Inc. (NYSE:TOL), a developer of luxury homes, reported record fourth-quarter and fiscal-year-end results for earnings, revenue, contracts and backlog."
"PayPal, the online payment system owned by eBay Inc. (EBAY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Wednesday said it has fixed most of the problems that for five days left some users unable "
"Remember that economic downturn? 9/11? The war in Iraq? Spiking oil prices, and airline fuel surcharges?"
"PONCA CITY, Okla. - Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols will not appeal his state murder convictions for his role in the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building, his attorney said Thursday..."
"WASHINGTON - Federal Reserve policy-makers are expected to raise short-term interest rates for a third time this year, part of a gradual process to wean the economy from ultralow rates, which are no longer needed as a bracing tonic.    Although private economists have mixed opinions whether the economy still is working through its late-spring blues or has emerged, most believe the economy is in good enough shape for the Fed to boost rates again..."
Thanksgiving didn #39;t start out as planned for many holiday travelers who began the long weekend stuck in airports or creeping along highways after fierce storms dumped snow in the Midwest.
"The last time we saw the guys in the horned helmets, they were standing numbly in Nawlins while their star-spangled rivals carried Adam Vinatieri off the Superdome floor. The Patriots have earned another set of championship rings since then and strung together a 21-game winning streak. And the St. Louis Rams have gone on a jolting carnival ride that still ..."
" BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romanian Prime Minister Adrian  Nastase and centrist opposition leader Traian Basescu emerged  neck-and-neck from the second round of presidential elections  on Sunday, exit polls showed."
"Japan has made little progress contacting the kidnappers of one of its citizens or determining where the man is being held, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said."
"The world #39;s airline industry is set to rack up losses of almost \$5bn (2.6bn, 3.6bn euros) this year, global airline body AITA has forecast."
American forces battled through boobytrapped lanes in a swift advance to city center. The military said at least 71 militants and 10 U.S. troopers were killed as of the beginning of the third day of intense urban combat.
"ALL four living former US presidents have agreed to become honorary directors of the project for a permanent memorial to the victims of the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Centre."
Internet engineers working on a standard for identifying the source of email messages voted down a proposal by Microsoft to include some of that company #39;s intellectual property in the specification.
"The morning sky this weekend is sparkling. Wake up early to see Mercury, Venus, Saturn and more."
"Robert Fulton traveled to Mexico many times during his career in manufacturing and as a contractor, but never thought of it as a place to retire. Nonetheless, he and his wife settled in a village on the shores of Lake Chapala called Mirasol, where they found a thriving community of retirees, many from the United States."
"Starbucks Corp. #39;s president and chief executive, Orin Smith, said Tuesday he plans to retire early next year because he wants to slow down and focus on philanthropy, family and hobbies."
"Below are some brief notes on this week #39;s Utah football game at San Diego State. For the complete release, please choose the PDF option."
Jose Maria Lopez lost what would have been the best result of his rookie FIA F3000 season when he was pitched into a spectacular accident after his front wing fell off.
"The online auction giant has acquired Marktplaats.nl, a Netherlands-based online classifieds site for 225 million euros, or about \$290 million, in an all-cash deal, the company announced on Thursday."
The vendor adds to its growing list of spam lawsuits one aimed at a service provider that hosts spammers. By Thomas Claburn. Cheapbulletproof.
"A Giants player was asked about the lack of pressure his team put on Lions quarterback Joey Harrington yesterday.  quot;Strahan didn #39;t get any pressure on the quarterback, quot; the player said after Detroit #39;s 28-13 victory at Giants Stadium."
Another hike in US interest rates is seen as a certainty when Federal Reserve policy-makers meet on Wednesday -- a step on the march toward a level of rates necessary to underpin long-term expansion.
Andy Roddick and Roger Federer both found themselves mired in three-set struggles Tuesday night at the Olympics. 
Reuters - Britain's Conservative\leader sought to capitalize on voters' anger with Tony Blair\over the Iraq war as he started an uphill battle to push the\prime minister from office in the next election.
The Apache Foundation pulls support for the antispam technology because of Microsoft's license requirements.
"Parting with Syracuse and the Big East was such sweet sorrow for Boston College after the 17th-ranked Eagles, playing their final game as a Big East member, absorbed a ruinous 43-17 loss yesterday that prevented them from winning the conference title outright and clinching a Bowl Championship Series berth."
"Cairn Energy Plc, the largest UK- based oil-exploration and production company, boosted its estimate of recoverable oil reserves at a field in India and reported a decline in first-half profit."
"The bad news of Sunday at California will turn into good news Monday when the university announces that Golden Bear coach Jeff Tedford has agreed to a new five-year contract, a Pacific-10 Conference source said."
"AP - One day after visiting Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld toured a spruced-up military base here Monday and heard a Romanian government sales pitch for making it a new American outpost within easy reach of potential hot spots in the Middle East and Central Asia."
Four former Microsoft Corp. employees were charged with stealing \$32.4 million worth of software and selling it on the side.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Friday the United States would provide financial assistance to African Union troops on a proposed mission to end the looting and killing in western Sudan.
"Communist North Korea is believed to have trained up to 600 computer hackers to launch cyberattacks against countries such as the United States and South Korea, according to South Korea's Defense Ministry."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar turned higher on Thursday  afternoon, rallying from all-time lows against the euro when  traders took profits in the euro zone currency ahead of a G20  finance ministers' meeting in Berlin this weekend."
"Lawyers for the former WorldCom Inc. chief executive have asked a judge to force the government to grant two witnesses immunity from prosecution so they will testify on his behalf at an upcoming trial. &lt;br&gt; &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
"CARDIFF, Wales -- Citroen #39;s championship leader Sebastien Loeb made a flying start to the Rally of Britain on Friday to seize the lead from Ford #39;s overnight front-runner Francois Duval."
Iran has offered Europe a compromise plan to resolve a stand-off over its nuclear programme as its president vowed to continue developing Iranian nuclear technology.
"BAGHDAD - Iraqi colleagues of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan say they are deeply worried that Tony Blair #39;s repeated pledge to  #39;save #39; her is, in fact, putting her life in increased danger."
AFP - India came from behind to defeat new-look Germany 3-1 and remain in contention for a podium finish in the men's Champions Trophy field hockey tournament here.
"BAGHAD -- The Iraqi political campaign officially kicked off yesterday, colored by hope but tempered by violence that highlighted security concerns leading up to the national election set for Jan. 30."
"VATICAN CITY, SEPT. 13, 2004 (Zenit.org).- John Paul II fondly recalled his exchanges of letters and meetings with Orthodox Patriarch Petros VII of Alexandria, who died Saturday in a helicopter accident near Mount Athos."
British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon told the British Parliament on Thursday that the government has agreed to a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq to relieve American forces.
" LAWRENCE, Kan. (Sports Network) - Wayne Simien had 25  points and 14 rebounds as the top-ranked Kansas Jayhawks  survived a scare and fought off the Vermont Catamounts, 68-61."
"By Ed Edelson    New study strengthens connection between two organ ailments    HealthDayNews -- A new blood test could provide the quick, easy marker of kidney function that cardiologists need to assess patients being treated for heart attacks or other serious coronary events, Swedish researchers report.    The test measures blood levels of cystatin C, a molecule that is produced by most cells and is filtered out of the blood by the kidneys..."
"Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better. Nowak was the MVP of Major League Soccer #39;s championship game in 1998, assisting on two goals in the Chicago Fire #39;s 2-0 win over DC United."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The prospect of a deal between Sprint  and Nextel Communications sparked concerns on Friday about a  shrinking U.S. market for mobile network equipment, sending  shares of Nextel's key supplier Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt; down  almost 8 percent."
The feds turn up the heat on a corporate executive who went on the lam after being charged with paying hackers to take down the competition.  \
"NEW YORK - Abortion-rights protesters and the first Republican delegates descended on President Bush's heavily fortified convention city Saturday as campaign officials said their boss would use the nomination spotlight to defend his hawkish foreign polices and offer a second-term agenda for health care, education and job training.   ""He believes it's important for a candidate to talk about what he's done and, most important, where he wants to lead,"" said adviser Karen Hughes, aboard Bush's campaign bus in Ohio..."
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi  urged an Iraqi court Monday to speed up proceedings against  toppled leader Saddam Hussein and his close aides.
"The Russian-Chinese trade will have hit a record high of US\$20 US by the end of this year, a senior Russian diplomat said on Saturday."
"Rashidat Sadiq, who grew up playing basketball with older boys in her Lagos, Nigeria, neighborhood, looks like she belonged on the court at Gampel Pavilion."
A boxer who fights under the nickname  quot;The Harlem Hammer quot; pleaded not guilty yesterday to charges that he used a hammer to murder a freelance sportswriter and then torched his Hollywood apartment.
"AP - The proposed new federal policy for salmon hatcheries is based on a flawed reading of the Endangered Species Act, hindering efforts to restore wild salmon runs with hatchery fish, scientists say."
Sara Lee Corp. reaffirmed its forecast for fiscal full-year profit of \$1.61 to \$1.71 a share. That includes first-quarter profit of 39 cents to 44 cents a share.
Seventy men held in Zimbabwe accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea will not be extradited.
More than 90 people in Brazil face possible charges after a two-year inquiry into money laundering.
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. new home sales fell more than  expected in July to the their lowest pace since December, as  higher mortgage rates cooled the housing market, a government  report showed on Wednesday."
"When Genzyme Inc. breaks down its revenue this year, there's a big hole: treatment of cancer."
"The 11th meeting of finance ministers of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum (APEC) concluded on Friday, highlighting the role of governments and financial institutions "
TV broadcasts to the mobile phone moved a step nearer reality today when the big five handset vendors announced a co-operation deal to investigate mobile broadcast services.
"In the first foray by a U.S. wireless carrier into the online music market, AT T Wireless is launching a service that lets subscribers buy songs using their cell phones and later download them to a computer."
"Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko was stripped of her shot put gold medal Monday, the first athlete of these games to lose an Olympic title because of doping."
" TEHRAN (Reuters) - The world must recognize Iran's right to  enrich uranium for fueling power stations, Iranian President  Mohammad Khatami said on Wednesday, responding to a U.N. call  for Iran to suspend enrichment-related activities."
"Reuters - What did Lord Nelson, Princess Diana and\Madonna all have in common apart from popularity?"
"Prince Bernhard, a bon vivant and outspoken member of an ancient German royal family who became husband of one queen of the Netherlands and father of another, died yesterday at a hospital in Utrecht near Amsterdam."
Software giant aims to become a household fixture with its entertainment-oriented Media Center 2005.
"and he has said it in London, said it in Zurich and already said it here in Athens - he only had to turn up to retain his Olympic 100 metres title."
"BAGHDAD, 1 November 2004 - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi warned time was running out for peace in Fallujah as the US military continued to target suspected insurgents yesterday."
"The announcement will be made at a news conference led by company CEO Carly Fiorina in Miami. The company will also unveil a range of products aimed at the consumer markets, including a 42-inch "
"AP - Congress plans to make it a little easier for hospitals, insurers and other to refuse to provide or cover abortions."
Australian Prime Minister John Howard said yesterday #39;s invitation for proposals from investment banks on how to sell the government #39;s A\$32 billion (\$24 billion) stake in Telstra Corp.
"Anyone who thought the browser wars were over when Microsoft overpowered Netscape in the 1990s should think again. After all, it's Firefox time.  &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
" DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi Islamist group beheaded an Iraqi  contractor it said was working for U.S. forces, a video on an  Islamist Web site showed Saturday."
"Yahoo Search Cleans Cluttered Look\\Yahoo Search has introduced a Google clone search page but who will see it? If you visit the Yahoo home page, you'll see a couple of hundred links to all their services such as Yahoo Jobs, Yahoo Dating, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Movies, Yahoo Stores, ..."
"In an attempt to create a state energy leviathan, Russia #39;s natural gas monopoly Gazprom said Tuesday that it would bid for the prize oil assets of the crumbling oil giant Yukos, the country #39;s No."
"Reuters - Republicans hope to show voters a\softer side on the second day of their convention on Tuesday,\with first lady Laura Bush and movie star turned California\Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger taking center stage."
"Reuters - Shares of PeopleSoft Inc.\ traded near a one-year high on Thursday after analysts\raised their earnings outlooks for the business software maker,\which continues to fight a  #36;9.2 billion hostile takeover bid by\Oracle Corp. ."
"Reuters - RadioShack Corp.  on Tuesday\posted a 22 percent rise in its third-quarter profit due to\strong wireless sales and cost control, and reaffirmed its goal\to grow 2005 earnings by as much 21 percent."
"TWO weeks ago, Alex McLeish was posing for the photographers at Murray Park with the Bank of Scotlands Manager of the Month award for November, savouring a period which had turned Rangers season around and seemed to have discarded any short-term "
" KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor  Yushchenko declared victory in an ""orange revolution"" on Friday  after the ex-Soviet state's top judges annulled a rigged  election and ordered a new vote on Dec. 26."
"Guerrillas carried out a series of raids in the city of Samarra on Wednesday, stealing weapons from a police station, blowing it up, and exchanging fire with police and US troops."
There has been much talk lately about the chase for the championship and whether or not NASCAR has met its objectives by changing the points system.
" Thanks to such free mapping sites as MapQuest and Yahoo Maps, it's been a while since road warriors have had to sketch out a route with a yellow highlighter, guessing which shortcuts to take or avoid. Instead, they can just type in start and destination addresses and print out crisply labeled, turn-by-turn directions, with the only cost being some printer ink."
"NEW YORK - Intel certainly surprised many semiconductor industry watchers today with its improving sales forecasts for the current quarter, but not everyone is convinced that all is as rosy as it seems at the world #39;s biggest chipmaker."
AP - Jason Williams scored 16 points and had five assists to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 97-75 preseason victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday night.
"A female Palestinian bomber blew herself up near an Israeli military hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem on Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 15."
"Ohio State #39;s Jessica Davenport, left, shoots over Yale #39;s Erica Davis during the first half Saturday Nov. 27, 2004, in Columbus, Ohio."
"Nextel Communications Inc., the sixth largest US mobile company, on Friday said its third-quarter profit rose amid strong customer growth and it raised its earnings forecast for the full year."
The HyperTransport Technology Consortium today announced the first HyperTransport technology expansion connector specification. The new EATX Motherboard/Daughtercard 
"TODAY AUTO RACING 1:30 p.m. -- NASCAR Busch Series BI-LO qualifying at Darlington, S.C., Speed Channel 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Mountain Dew 500 qualifying at Darlington, S.C., Speed Channel 8 p.m. -- NASCAR Craftsman Trucks Darlington 200 at Darlington, S.C., Speed Channel PRO BASKETBALL 7:30 p.m. -- Celtics vs. Charlotte at the FleetCenter, FSN, WWZN (1510) 8 p.m. ..."
The battle for search-technology supremacy extended to new front today when Microsoft launched a tool for finding files stored on personal computers.
"The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says more funds are essential to combat locust swarms that are devastating crops in West Africa, and warns failure to act quickly, could result in a regional plague by the end of the year."
"No longer the top gun in the Red Sox rotation, Pedro Martinez can recapture some status in Game 3 that has been lost to ineffectiveness and odd off-field behavior."
"20 people, including two leaders, were arrested near Pau in southwestern France in a vast French-Spanish police operation. Explosives, grenades, machine guns, grenade launchers, detonators, bullets and other weapons have been excluded during operation."
"On again, off again. Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people ) has canceled a project to create a chip for projection TVs. The announcement perhaps wasn #39;t much of a surpise."
"Years ago, the uniform numbers on the right-field roof at Fenway Park were displayed in the order in which they were retired. From left to right, the numbers read 9-4-1-8."
"ATHENS, Greece - A botched relay handoff doomed Marion Jones' chances of winning even a single medal at the Athens Olympics, a disastrous ending to her summer of turmoil and disappointment. Hoping to win a pair of golds Friday, Jones was shut out instead..."
"Caught in a row with elder brother Mukesh Ambani over the ownership of Reliance empire, Reliance Energy chairman and managing director Anil Ambani on Sunday sought to enlist support of all the 25,000 strong workforce of the company saying like them he was "
" LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices hit \$46 on Monday as Russian  oil giant YUKOS cut some sales to China and was reported to  have suspended oil supplies to Lithuania, as the company's  financial turmoil took its first toll on exports."
John Lucas III and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.
Players and fans exchanged punches in the stands as an NBA game turned so ugly a police investigation was necessary. Indiana #39;s Ron Artest and Stephen Jackson charged into the stands and fought with fans in 
"By JANE WARDELL    LONDON (AP) -- The international record industry escalated its fight against music piracy Thursday, announcing that it will file hundreds of lawsuits across Europe against individuals and groups it accuses of illegally sharing music through the Internet.    The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, representing record companies tired of losing millions of dollars in revenue, said its affiliates are filing 459 lawsuits in Britain, France, Germany, Denmark, Italy and Austria..."
HP (www.hp.com) announced an investment of more than \$3 billion over the next three years designed to vault Intel Itanium 2-based HP Integrity servers to the leadership position in the \$20 billion market currently served by RISC processors.
Google Inc. won a major legal victory yesterday when a federal judge ruled that the search engine's advertising policy does not violate federal trademark laws.
"NewsFactor - Making illegal copies of computer games and desktop applications is one thing, but ripping off enterprise software is entirely another."
"AP - With both offenses going nowhere, all the Baltimore Ravens needed was a few big plays by safety Ed Reed. Reed scored a touchdown on a safety blitz, stopped Clinton Portis on a third-and-1 and sprung B.J. Sams for a 78-yard punt return, all in a 2 1/2-minute span in the third quarter. The Ravens scored 14 points without their struggling offense taking the field and that was more than enough to rally from a 10-0 halftime deficit in Sunday night's 17-10 victory over the punchless Washington Redskins."
"Greater Boston businesses and homeowners buckling under soaring gasoline and heating costs could get socked with up to \$800 million a year in new electric costs under a proposed federal policy change, Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly warned yesterday."
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger welcomed the news that Manchester United had launched an investigation into the tunnel fracas after Monday #39;s bad-tempered contest.
"(AGI) - Milan, Italy, Oct. 5 - A preliminary court hearing in the Parmalat case was held today. Judge Tacconi scheduled the next hearing on October 29."
"HOUSTON, United States : World number one Roger Federer outlasted Marat Safin in a tie-breaker that matched the longest in tennis history to book a date against Lleyton Hewitt in the ATP Masters Cup final."
"The phenomenon, known as frame-dragging, is quite small, amounting to 6 feet in the distance that satellites, moving at about 18,000 miles per hour, cover in their orbits in a year, but it is within the ability of NASA #39;s instruments to detect."
"Reuters - Militants in Iraq said they have killed\Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni, who went missing after being\ambushed on the road between Baghdad and Najaf, Al Jazeera\reported Thursday."
"The most recent spacecraft telemetry was acquired from the Goldstone tracking station on Wednesday, November 3. The Cassini spacecraft is in an excellent state of health and is operating normally."
com Staff. Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) has scooped up storage resource management (SRM) company Storability Software Inc.
"ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Losing Pedro Martinez to the Mets is one thing. But sending Manny Ramirez to Shea Stadium is something the Red Sox have no plans to consider, despite reports that the Mets inquired about trading for the 2004 World Series MVP."
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A felon will host, a Playboy model  will work the red carpet, and ""the most destructive band in  history"" will play on the first major live video game awards  show, airing on Spike TV on Tuesday."
"Reuters - Shares of Medtronic Inc.  on\Thursday sank 7 percent to their lowest level in more than\three months after the medical device maker posted\weaker-than-expected growth in one of its key business units,\sparking at least three broker downgrades."
"About one third of amphibians are under threat of extinction in a new sign of the world #39;s deteriorating environment, according to researchers who carried out a global census."
"Handheld maker looks beyond Palm OS with quiet tests of other operating systems, News.com has learned."
"Several lenders to bankrupt air carrier US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to extend the terms of their financing arrangement to mid-January, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing unnamed "
AP - Legislation to regulate the infant space tourism industry  #151; invigorated by the successful flights of a privately financed manned rocket  #151; has been stalled by disagreements over how much protection to offer potential space travelers.
"Reuters - DVD recorders are getting cheaper and\easier to use, but that may not be enough to spark demand for\the sluggish selling devices."
HONG KONG Mainland Chinese stock markets dropped less than 2 percent on Friday as most Asian financial markets reacted with surprising calm to the Chinese central bank #39;s announcement late on Thursday of its first increase in interest rates in nine years.
AP - One of the few unchallenged accomplishments of Myanmar's military junta  #151; securing peace with the country's armed ethnic rebel groups  #151; may be in jeopardy after Prime Minister Gen. Khin Nyunt lost his job this week.
"Heavy rain and winds have begun to lash Jamaica as Hurricane Ivan roared closer, after ravaging Grenada and killing 27 people on a track that could make it the third big storm in a month to hit Florida."
"In a mild surprise, the PGA of America is set to announce Tom Lehman as its 2006 US Ryder Cup team captain today, again bypassing Larry Nelson."
Tupe Peko didn #39;t practice Wednesday because he hurt his right foot in last week #39;s 49-14 victory over Houston. Rick DeMulling has been limited in practice because of a bruised chest.
"NORTHFIELD, Ill. The SEC won #39;t recommend enforcement action against Kraft Foods for allegedly helping the Fleming Companies inflate revenue."
"Reuters - Australian politicians set\off on a marathon campaign Monday for an election that will\focus on the way forward for one of the world's strongest\economies, the credibility of candidates and support for the\Iraq war."
"(Oct. 6, 2004) -- The New York Giants easily qualify as one of the biggest surprise teams of the first quarter of the NFL season. And Tiki Barber easily qualifies as one of their biggest surprise players."
"Three weeks after Haiti's worst natural disaster in years the country is trying desperately to attend to its sick, feed its hungry, keep drinking water flowing and remove tons of mud and debris."
"Tokyo stocks rebounded on Thursday from a nine-day drop, after Wall Street #39;s overnight rise. The US dollar was lower against the Japanese yen."
"General Motors Corp. (GM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it may not dump Stelco Inc. (STEa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) as a supplier even though Canada #39;s "
AFP - Vice President Dick Cheney will square off with his Democratic rival John Edwards in a televised debate Tuesday that suddenly takes on importance for the Republicans after George W. Bush's tepid showing last week.
" ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Atlanta Thrashers right wing  Dany Heatley, who is charged with vehicular homicide and five  other counts in the 2003 car crash that killed teammate Dan  Snyder, had his Wednesday arraignment waived by a judge."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A huge explosion tore through a crowded  market close to the west Baghdad police headquarters on  Tuesday, killing at least 47 people in the deadliest single  attack in the capital in six months."
Scientists go back to the drawing board in their battle against poison resistant rats.
"A 30-year-old man and 30-year-old woman were found dead inside a home in what investigators believe is a murder-suicide, Arenac County authorities said in a statement."
"Detailing  quot;a new and surprising twig quot; on the human family tree, scientists report Thursday they #39;ve discovered the remains of a clan of tiny human relatives, standing about 30 inches tall, that "
"Hoping to prove that grid computing can work in the business world, Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle on Tuesday announced a joint effort designed to show business users how to use the distributed computing technology."
"Jefferson averaged 24.5 points, 6.0 rebounds and 5.0 assists in a 3-1 week to earn the Eastern Conference honor. He shot 52 percent from the field and scored 20 or points in all four games as the Nets put together their best week of the season."
"Microsoft #39;s Windows CE has knocked Palm off the PDA operating system sales top spot for the first time, newly released market research has revealed."
"One of the world #39;s most notorious drug traffickers, Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, is on his way to the United States after being extradited from Colombia."
"Indians General Manager Mark Shapiro said Tuesday that he remains hopeful of signing free-agent pitcher Matt Clement.  quot;We #39;ll ride this out to the end, quot; Shapiro said, adding that he has already offered more "
"US Airways Group Inc. named a vice president to oversee its restructuring efforts, the airline said Thursday. James Schear will handle US Airways #39; organizational restructuring responsibilities and work with "
"Discrete device turns off televisions, creating a little peace and quiet. Until the yelling starts."
"By BETSY BLANEY    LUBBOCK, Texas (AP) -- Some farmers are placing their hope in a hybrid sunflower seed that could help keep arteries clear and hearts pumping in a nation smitten with snacks and processed food.    ""It's a healthier oil,"" said Willie Wieck, 62, who started growing sunflowers on his 450 acres in the Texas Panhandle in the early 1970s..."
Top Hindu nationalist politician Uma Bharti is remanded in an Indian jail over charges of inciting religious violence 10 years ago.
Diageo has raised \$2.26bn (1.84bn) from the sale of 49.9 million shares of common stock held in US-based Cheerios cereal maker General Mills.
"USATODAY.com - Trekkers can finally get the ultimate Star Trek enterprise, a complete DVD set of the 1960s series' first season."
"LOS ANGELES - Movie studios have expanded their fight against illegal downloading, suing more than 100 US and European-based computer services that transmit movie files across Internet file-sharing networks."
"A Greek plane has landed safely atStansted Airport, north of London, after a bomb alert forced it tomake a diversion, the BBC reports on Sunday."
"Customer satisfaction with home computers reaches three-year peak, with highest marks for Apple and Dell, survey says."
"AP - Iran reiterated Sunday that it won't accept any proposal depriving it of the right to enrich uranium, saying it can't be bullied into giving up its nuclear energy program, state media reported."
"WATERFORD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- A Waterford Township house fire claimed the lives of a veteran police officer and his family over the weekend."
"OBIHIRO, Japan : Norway #39;s world champion Petter Solberg took charge of the inaugural Rally of Japan after the first day of driving although the Subaru driver will be hard pressed to keep his lead on day two."
AP - Kennedy Winston scored 21 points and Chuck Davis had 18 points and nine rebounds to lead No. 18 Alabama to a 72-54 victory over Alabama State on Tuesday night.
"Cisco Systems on Tuesday announced enhancements to its Catalyst switching product line, and also announced  quot;the industry #39;s first quot; Gigabit Ethernet-enabled IP phone."
It was early September when Northeastern women's hockey coach Laura Schuler climbed the steep staircase in Matthews Arena to her new office for the first time.
23 August 2004 -- A US reporter released in Iraq after more than a week in captivity said today he had been seized while taking pictures at a city market in Al-Nasiriyah.
Fast bowler Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th Test appearance by sparking India #39;s top-order collapse Wednesday as Australia took charge of the third Test.
"The Jets began their bye week Monday, and the time off comes not a moment too soon. A day after their second straight victory sent them to their best regular "
tocks climbed yesterday as a drop in crude oil prices from their peak eased investors #39; worries that high fuel costs would crimp consumer spending and hurt company profits.
"PROVO, Utah - Brigham Young University revamped its athletic department Wednesday, but said the move was made after a months-long internal review rather than as a reaction to the recent sexual abuse allegations that have rocked the steadfast Mormon "
"Last year, only the highest-end Power Macs were dual-processor. Now, all Power Macs are, including the entry-level 1.8-GHz model. The 2.5-GHz G5 processors use a new heat-pipe system "
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan has decided to deport former world  chess champion Bobby Fischer, who is wanted in the United  States for defying sanctions on Yugoslavia, an immigration  official said on Tuesday."
"A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in the middle of Tel Aviv #39;s Shuk HaCarmel yesterday, killing three Israelis and wounding more than "
Tape storage king StorageTek puts new pressure on the storage-management market with an acquisition. By Martin J. Garvey. Storage Technology Corp.
"IT spending in Western Europe is lagging behind the rest of the world, according to figures unveiled at Gartner #39;s annual Symposium IT Expo in Cannes this week."
"Reuters - European powers will offer Iran a\deal next week in a final bid to persuade the Islamic republic\to end its suspected arms-related nuclear programs or face\possible sanctions, the United States said on Friday."
"AFP - Internet advertising revenues in the United States surged 42.7 percent in the second quarter compared with the same period a year ago to 2.37 billion dollars, an industry group revealed."
"New Delhi - Scientists have discovered a new species of monkey in north-eastern India, 101 years after the last species of its kind was found, a member of the investigating team said on Thursday."
"The University of Virginia Cavaliers are 4-0, ranked tenth, and mostly invisible on the national title picture. A win Thursday against Clemson could start opening eyes."
"Microsoft, Sun and a trio of other leading hardware vendors today published the WS-Management specification, which spells out how data centers can use Web services "
AFP - Arsenal striker Thierry Henry insists he will throw off an ankle injury to play in Sunday's Premiership showdown with Manchester United at Old Trafford.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks shot higher on Thursday as  oil prices resumed their retreat, while technology shares sped  ahead, helped by Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; and Intel Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;"
AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne formed Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean and was expected to hit Puerto Rico with strong wind and heavy rain by Wednesday morning.
Loren Woods has 17 points and a career-high 14 rebounds to help the Raptors improve to 2-0 with a 101-89 victory over the Pistons.
"The International Space Station, with two astronauts aboard, has fallen seven kilometers as a result of a severe magnetic storm, Russian space experts announced."
Access points for 802.11g wireless networks should become even cheaper next year after WLAN chip maker Atheros begins full-scale production of what it claims is the world #39;s first  #39;base-station on a chip #39; product.
"Version 7.2 is the first update since mid-2003. The new release is based on version 1.7 of Mozilla, the most recent version of the Mozilla internet application suite. "
The company's results show that it's not grim all over tech world. Just all of it that isn't Dell.
"Pole vaulters are an odd bunch -- friends and fierce competitors who perform gymnastics atop a pole 19 feet above the ground. Right now, no one is doing it better than Americans Tim "
"Ivory Coast's president urges former rebels to start disarming on Friday, but they refuse to do so."
"Rescuers search for about 18 missing sailors after storms cause three shipwrecks, killing at least one sailor."
A long running regulatory examination of Fannie Mae has found accounting and other problems at the giant government-chartered mortgage company that raise doubts about  quot;the quality of 
"Hurricane Ivan, with winds of 155 miles per hour, forced evacuations in Jamaica as it moved on a track toward Cuba and Florida, where residents braced for the third powerful storm to hit the state in a month."
"Internet luminaries gathered in Boston Wednesday to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), honor its founder, Director and Web inventor "
"Pharmaceutical maker Forest Laboratories Inc. on Monday said second-quarter earnings rose 60 percent as sales grew for its principal brands, and the company raised its fiscal 2005 earnings guidance."
"GREENSBORO, NC -- Tom Lehman called a one-stroke penalty on himself during Sunday #39;s final round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro."
"NBA Commissioner David Stern indefinitely suspended four players who took part in an ugly melee with fans, now regarded as one of the worst in sports history, in a Friday night game between the Indiana Pacers and the host Detroit Pistons."
"President Pervez Musharraf and his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai tonight vowed to enhance their capability to fight terrorism, while Musharraf assured the Afghan leader that Pakistan would not allow its territory to be used by Taliban to destabilise "
An Asia-Europe summit opened Friday overshadowed by the European Union #39;s threat to slap fresh sanctions on one of the grouping #39;s newest Asian membersmilitary-ruled Burmaif it fails 
SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo just bought the most expensive jukebox ever. But the price was anything but a few quarters. Yahoo bought online jukebox provider Musicmatch.
THEY are the hottest Christmas seller this year and promise to fit entire CD collections into the palm of your hand. Retailers say that MP3 digital audio players are flying off shelves in electrical stores 
Grieving Hendrick Motorsports employees returned to the racetrack Friday determined to honor those killed in a plane crash last weekend by continuing the team #39;s legacy of winning races and championships.
"KABUL, AFGHANISTAN -- US troops and helicopter gunships killed 22 militants, including three Arab fighters, in southern Afghanistan, the military said Monday -- the latest bloodshed ahead of historic Afghan elections."
"Now that the second quarter #39;s soft patch in the US economy has been revised up to show growth of 3.3 percent, economists are turning their attention to the post-soft patch, or regaining traction, period."
"Reuters - Suspected militants have kidnapped an\Iraqi intelligence officer in response to the fighting in the\holy city of Najaf, Al Jazeera television reported on Tuesday."
3 September 2004 -- Russia #39;s tax authorities have given Yukos another bill for back taxes that is higher than the oil company expected.
NewsFactor - Sony (NYSE: SNE) has announced plans to release a double-layer DVD burner that is compatible with the Macintosh platform.
TOKYO (CBS.MW) - South Korea #39;s anti-monopoly watchdog said Monday it has expanded investigations into Microsoft Corp. after RealNetworks Inc.
"Some 700 US soldiers will be getting orders to ship out to Afghanistan on Friday, amid security concerns in the runup to October elections."
"Shug McGaughey hadn #39;t sent a horse to California for 11 years, since the fall Lure won the Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Santa Anita."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Two Italian women aid workers were  reported killed in Iraq and a British hostage pleaded for his  life after the killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage  crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq."
"AP - The bombing at the Taba Hilton hotel in Egypt caused slight injuries to two American employees of the U.S. embassy in Israel and their families, the State Department said Friday."
"November 27, 2004 -- Forget the hoopla over the newly reopened Museum of Modern Art. Hop on the 7 train to Flushing, Queens, and you can go to Mars or the ice moon Europa, just past Jupiter."
"For close to a decade now, Great Britain #39;s Davis Cup team has consisted of Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski, during which time the elite world group has been reached four times but without a match being won there."
What #39;s at stake: First place in the AFC East and a place in the history book. Victory for the Jets means they will go down as the team that stopped New England #39;s winning streaks.
"Eighteen people have been confirmed dead and seven others remain missing as a result of Typhoon Meari, which swept through Japan and weakened into an extra-tropical depression around noon (local time)."
Intel #39;s attempt to conquer the mobile phone chip market took a mighty step forward today when the chip maker announced a partnership with leading smart phone OS maker Symbian and leading smart phone manufacturer Nokia to co-operate on the development of 
"When structural engineers from Miami pushed the rest of Florida to adopt much stricter building codes after Hurricane Andrew, the response was generally blas."
Federal officials say they rescinded support for the directive because the document was flawed in addressing the contentious question of when and how doctors can prescribe painkillers without risking prosecution.
The US Trade Representative on Monday rejected the European Union #39;s assertion that its ban on beef from hormone-treated cattle is now justified by science and that US and Canadian retaliatory sanctions should be lifted.
"In a move which industry watchers predict will  quot;stir up quot; the high-end computing market, IBM today introduced three servers based on its latest Power5 processor architecture: the eServer i5 595, p5 595 and p5 590."
Shares in train and plane-making giant Bombardier have fallen to a 10-year low following the departure of its chief executive and two members of the board.
"The head of the chip division of electronics group Philips unexpectedly stepped down on Wednesday, raising worries that the key division is performing below expectations."
"Sick Florida smokers urged the state #39;s highest court Wednesday to punish the tobacco industry for  quot;fraud and deceit quot; by restoring a \$145 billion US class-action award, the largest ever by an American jury."
The Arena Football League Board of Directors approved Salt Lake City #39;s expansion bid on Monday and realigned divisions for 2005 after dropping three teams.
AP - Bills tight end Mark Campbell will miss the rest of the season because of an injured right knee.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Thursday  after a report showed a larger-than-expected rise in claims for  unemployment benefits, a gauge of strength in the jobs market."
"WASHINGTON - Federal safety regulators want 600,000 Dodge Durangos and Dakota trucks recalled because their wheels could fall off, but the auto maker doesnt believe the defect is dangerous, a company spokesman said."
The Federal Communications Commission yesterday released a set of stop-gap rules governing local phone competition that requires regional telephone companies to continue leasing their lines to rivals at discounted rates for six months. 
"Europeans were right. It was a world election. They favored Kerry, roughly 6-1. Now they must live with the result. Europeans opposed Bush largely because they believe his "
"Lowly Reggina handed Italian league leader Juventus its first loss of the season Saturday, beating the Turin powerhouse 2-1 in the 10th round."
"NASA -- NASA's Mars Odyssey orbiter begins working overtime today after completing a prime mission that discovered vast supplies of frozen water, ran a safety check for future astronauts, and mapped surface textures and minerals all over Mars, among other feats.     ""Odyssey has accomplished all of its mission-success criteria,"" said Dr..."
"A welcome slide in oil prices set off a relief rally on Wall Street Friday, with stocks posting a healthy advance as crude approached but then fell back from the \$50 a barrel mark."
Ruud van Nistelrooy added another brace to his incredible European goals collection as Manchester United put their Premiership woes behind them at Old Trafford.
Is the U.S. investing in the proper technologies to fight terrorism? Leading figures such as Jim Barksdale give their insights.
It has been reported that in American military operations against insurgents in Mosul in the north of Iraq this week four decapitated corpses were found.
"Reuters - Saudi security forces shot dead a\suspected militant on Saturday in a clash in the Red Sea port\city of Jeddah, police and witnesses said."
"Umesh Patel, a 36-year old software engineer from California, debated until the last minute."
Manchester United are set to name a second string side to face Fenerbahce in the Champions League. United have already sealed their path into the knockout stages of the competition and manager Sir Alex Ferguson 
"STARKVILLE, Mississippi (Sports Network) - Jerious Norwood #39;s 37-yard touchdown run with 32 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter lifted Mississippi State to a shocking 38-31 victory over 20th-ranked Florida."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. construction spending fell  unexpectedly by 0.4 percent in November, as a cooling in  residential construction overpowered a small rise in public  spending, a government report showed on Monday."
"In the dead of winter last January, Terry Francona faced the largest crowd of Red Sox fans since he succeeded Grady Little as the franchise's 44th manager. As more than 1,000 diehards applauded him at the annual writers dinner in a sprawling ballroom at the Sheraton Boston, Francona politely thanked his supporters and asked them to remember their affection for ..."
The dot-com collapse in Silicon Valley has contributed to the emergence of a previously obscure class of office building: the commercial condominium.
"AP - John Kerry raised  #36;2 million for Democrats in just a few hours Saturday, making two stops in this understated and elegant vacation destination for the Northeastern well-to-do."
"OTTAWA -- Just a week before George W. Bush arrives for a feel-good visit with Paul Martin, Ottawa is talking tough about a possible trade war with the United States."
"washingtonpost.com - Google Inc.'s initial public offering took a major step forward as the company notified investors that today may be their last chance to submit, withdraw or change bids in the unusual  #36;3 billion electronic auction for stock in the Internet giant."
A filmmaker who is a relative of the painter Vincent van Gogh was slain in an Amsterdam street Tuesday after receiving death threats over a movie he made criticizing the treatment of women under Islam.
"BAGHDAD -- The US military is reaping more high-quality intelligence tips from Iraqi prisoners than ever, since it jettisoned several coercive interrogation techniques after the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal in May, the American general in charge of Iraqi prisons said yesterday."
"Apple has updated the software for some of its iPod digital media players so that songs bought from RealNetworks will not play. The change affects Apple #39;s new iPod Photo, which was introduced in late October "
Iraq #39;s interim prime minister went to Jordan on Tuesday for meetings with tribal figures and other influential Iraqis in a bid to encourage Sunni Muslims to participate in the Jan.
"TORONTO -- A special committee of Hollinger International, which was instrumental in ousting Conrad Black as head of the Chicago-based newspaper company, filed its final report in an Illinois court yesterday."
US Senate and House of Representatives negotiators agreed on Wednesday on a huge corporate tax bill that will repeal export subsidies that violate global trade rules and give manufacturers a new tax break.
Pakistan  #39;s caretaker prime minister has resigned and his cabinet dissolved in a formality to allow the finance minister to take over as head of the government.
Medical supply company PolyMedica Corp. has reached a tentative \$35 million settlement with the federal government over alleged Medicare fraud.
"Swatch, the innovative, trend-setting watch brand from Switzerland-based Swatch Group, the leading global watch corporation, has joined with MSN Direct, a division of Microsoft Corp."
"MONDAY &lt;br&gt;NFL ON DEMAND &lt;br&gt;EXTENDED HIGHLIGHTS &lt;br&gt;With the addition of the NFL Network to Comcast and Starpower cable, digital subscribers can now access free highlights of every NFL game. Minus broadcast network mumbo-jumbo commentary, the highlights last eight to 20 minutes..."
Middlesbrough came from nowhere to deprive Harry Redknapp of victory in his first match in charge of Southampton with two goals in the dying minutes to snatch a 2-2 draw.
"Some say indexes dropped Thursday because investors are idling until some good news comes around. Maybe so, but the trading volume of the Nasdaq-100 tracking stock, which we use to get a better feel for how individual tech shares are selling, ..."
Charlie Weis says his job as Notre Dame #39;s new football coach is to raise expectations and win games. It #39;s as simple as that.
The Countryside Alliance prepares a legal challenge to the Parliament Act - used to force the hunt ban into law.
"For the former Roy Williams assistant, who spent seven years at Kansas, the crowd stood and applauded. It was pretty much the same old Phog for TCU #39;s third-year coach."
"Two new top-level domain names moved closer to approval this week, as the body charged with overseeing the Internet's technical matters moved into negotiations with the companies applying to set up and run the "".mobi"" and "".jobs"" domains."
"Iran backs down on its demand to exempt some of its technology from a nuclear freeze, diplomats say."
"AirAsia Bhd., the first low-cost carrier to be listed in Southeast Asia, made a solid debut Monday on the Malaysian stock exchange, while company officials said they #39;ll decide within two months on plans to acquire 40 new aircraft."
Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court questioned on\Wednesday whether world opinion against the death penalty for\juveniles should influence its decision on the\constitutionality of executing those who committed murder at\age 16 or 17.
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Justin Hyde&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephoneprovider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices fortheir residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month,the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.&lt;/p&gt;"
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators have  ratcheted up their probe of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KKD.N&lt;/A&gt;, looking at how it repurchased some of its doughnut  franchises, the company said on Friday."
"IBM Corp. has agreed to acquire content integration software maker Venetica Corp., a move that continues IBM's pattern of snapping up its business partners to augment its software portfolio."
Israeli PM Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition faces possible collapse over a vote likely to force him to remake his government or call elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.
The pan-European security body wants to send more monitors for the re-run of the Ukrainian election.
"UAL Corp.'s United Airlines, trying to attract financing to exit bankruptcy, said it probably will terminate and replace all its pension plans."
"While Intel Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. continue bringing low-power mobile chips to market, Transmeta Corp. is faced with the possibility of shifting its focus from operations and toward licensing its technologies."
"WASHINGTON Aug. 25, 2004 - Federal agents seized computers and software Wednesday as part of an investigation targeting an Internet network used to illegally share copyrighted music, movies, software and games, Attorney General John Ashcroft said."
"AP - Brazilian government released federal budget figures Friday showing an unprecedented primary budget surplus of 10.9 billion reals ( #36;3.8 billion) in August, putting Brazil well ahead of performance targets set in a loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund."
Manchester United have condemned the disruption of a reserve team match on Thursday by protestors opposed to the potential takeover of the club by American businessman Malcolm Glazer.
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The body of an Egyptian who was  kidnapped in Iraq last month has been found in northern Iraq,  Iraqi police said on Sunday."
"The service pack is notable mostly for a variety of new security features, including fixes to many known problems, a new version of the Windows Firewall that is turned on by default, and a new security center."
"After months of heated debate, a major revision, protests and an unsuccessful legislative assault, the most sweeping changes to the nation #39;s overtime rules in more than 50 years take effect tomorrow."
"AFP - The US economy expanded at a slower-than-expected 3.7 percent annual pace in the third quarter of 2004, the government said in the last major economic report before the November 2 election."
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly higher at the open but a swathe of economic data is likely to influence overall sentiment and direction...
"Lycos Europe has recently joined the fight against spam by releasing a screensaver as part of its ""Make Love Not Spam"" campaign, which uses its participants machines to bombard websites that advertise through spam e-mails with data, effectively launching a distributed denial of service attack against them, with the intent being to push up bandwidth bills of the spammers who operate these websites.    Is this an effective new front in the battle against spam?"
"A router software bug could lead to denial-of-service attacks--but only techies could launch one, an analyst says."
A crisis of confidence was averted last night as the suddenly determined Knicks went to work on the Philadelphia 76ers and posted a relatively easy 96-88 victory at Madison Square Garden.
"The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.9 per cent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported Thursday."
"KABUL, Afghanistan - Demonstrators stormed U.N. compounds and stoned U.S..."
"Reuters - United Parcel Service Inc. ,\the world's largest package delivery company, said on Tuesday\it plans to hire nearly 70,000 temporary workers to help handle\an estimated 340 million packages from Thanksgiving to\Christmas, exceeding year-ago forecasts."
President Bush said today that he was right to order the invasion of Iraq last year despite a new report by his chief U.S. weapons inspector that shows the country did not possess the weapons of mass destruction that were the original rationale for the war.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar extended its rebound into a  third day on Friday as investors worried that the dollar's  two-month slide had been too rapid and sought more neutral  ground in the final stretch before the year-end.
"Michael Schumacher admits there couldn #39;t have been a better place for him to wrap-up his seventh World title than at Spa, a circuit that have instrumental throughout his F1 career."
"There was once an It gal of tennis who graced the national magazine covers, drawing so much attention from the paparazzi and fashionistas that she made her peers as jealous as lottery losers."
"NewsFactor - Intel has unveiled a new Centrino chipset that supports three \Wi-Fi standards, along with new wireless software and improved security features."
"MONTREAL - The RCMP searched through documents at Imperial Tobacco on Friday related to the contraband trade in cigarettes in the 1990s, Radio-Canada #39;s all-news channel reported."
The Bush administration has accelerated resource development on public lands and has pushed to eliminate regulatory hurdles for military and industrial projects.
"Struggling desperately at quarterback, the Chicago Bears intend to sign veteran Jeff George, a team source said Saturday night. The Bears will sign George on Monday, the source said on the condition of anonymity."
"Business confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s biggest economy, stagnated in October as oil prices rose to a record and job cuts at companies including General Motors Corp."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest maker of heavy equipment, boosted its 2004 revenue  outlook on Tuesday, citing strong demand."
The Lions and Eagles entered Sunday #39;s game at Ford Field in the same place -- atop their respective divisions -- and with identical 2-0 records.
"Orlando Cabrera rejoined the Boston Red Sox last night after missing two games to be with his wife in Colombia.  quot;He called me about 10 this morning, and said he was back, quot; Red Sox "
CHRIS SUTTON trained today to keep alive his chances of lining up against Barcelona tomorrow. The striker has been out since damaging a hamstring on August 14.
"NBA referees have entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the league, removing the possibility of having replacement officials work the upcoming season."
The next three humans bound for the International Space Station (ISS) are spending their final hours on Earth before launching into space tonight atop a Soyuz rocket.
"New Delhi, Nov. 29 (UNI): Darren Lehmann will take on New Zealand #39;s opening batsman Mark Richardson, in a foot race following the end of play in the second 3 mobile Test match at the Adelaide Oval."
"Nokia has unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, called Preminet."
"These days, the violence in Iraq #39;s third-largest city is more like The Sopranos than Black Hawk Down. By Jim Macmillan, AP. About 40 dead bodies turned up across Mosul last week."
Reuters - Democratic state education\superintendent Inez Tenenbaum is giving Republicans an\unexpectedly tough battle for a U.S. Senate seat in\conservative South Carolina.
Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - Vancouver residents took to the polls in record numbers Saturday and voted not to adopt a ward system used by every other major Canadian city to elect its municipal politicians.
"AP - Parties on the fringes of Germany's political spectrum have been given an eager reception in the depressed east ahead of state elections this weekend, luring voters with a mix of xenophobic standards and new complaints over plans to reduce much-needed benefits."
"North Texas and DFW International Airport will lose \$782 million annually when Delta Air Lines pulls out of the airport next year, economists say."
"Solberg got off to an astonishing start, winning three of the opening four stages to charge into a 20-second lead before losing a handful of seconds to Loeb on stages five and six."
Internet portal Yahoo! says it will release a desktop search in the New Year some three months after Google. Desktop search is the latest battleground between the major search engines as they seek to gain 
InfoWorld - IBM on Friday gave its autonomic computing strategy is boost unwrapping an enhanced version of a toolkit designed to help developers more quickly integrate a number of self-managing functions into their existing applications and services.
"Guy, a former Utah State assistant coach from 1992-94, has spent the last four seasons as the defensive coordinator and linebackers coach at Arizona State."
"September 28, 2004 -- Michael Powell, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, plans to hold a vote this year on a proposal to require US television broadcasters such as Viacom Inc."
" LONDON (Reuters) - It changed the lifestyles of a  generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have  been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format."
"Lauren Jackson scored 14 points to lead the visiting Seattle Storm over the Minnesota Lynx 70-58 Saturday, marking the Storm #39;s first playoff win in franchise history."
"Since April, baseball fans attending San Francisco Giants home games at SBC Park have enjoyed wireless internet access if they bring a portable computer with them."
" DUBLIN (Reuters) - A second blood sample taken from  Waterford Crystal, the horse Cian O'Connor rode to win  Ireland's only gold medal at the Athens Olympics, has also  tested positive for banned substances, local media reported  Tuesday."
"BT Group is poised for a surprise return to the US market with a planned US\$1 billion acquisition of Infonet Services, a California-based telecom service provider."
"CNN News Group on Monday said it has tapped an online media CEO and news veteran as its new president overseeing US news, just a little over a year after hiring a former local TV newsman to run its domestic operations."
Riggs has replaced Joseph M. Cahill as part the ongoing fallout from a recent internal investigation into failures to abide by federal laws designed to prevent money laundering.
NEW YORK (AFP) - Former world heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield is appealing a medical suspension imposed upon him by the New York State Athletic Commission following his loss to fellow American Larry Donald.
"Carmelo Anthony scored 28 points to surpass 2,000 for his career, and the Nuggets controlled Shaquille O #39;Neal with double-teams to defeat the Miami Heat, 104-95, last night in Denver."
Bookmakers are convinced a betting coup took place surrounding Tuesday #39;s UEFA Cup match between Greek side Panionios and Georgia #39;s Dinamo Tbilisi.
"Not three weeks ago, Sean Harrigan launched his crusade against corporate malfeasance from one of the most powerful pulpits of all: the presidency of CalPERS, America #39;s largest pension fund with some \$177bn in assets."
"BASKETBALL Cleveland (NBA): Signed G Lucious Harris. Los Angeles (NBA): Named Chris Bodaken, Melvin Hunt, Larry Smith and Mike Wells assistant coaches. Memphis (NBA): Signed C Pau Gasol to a multiyear contract extension. Milwaukee (NBA): Signed G Tommy Adams. Sacramento (NBA): Signed G Courtney Alexander to a one-year contract."
"Stockland bought the Lensworth property development business from Foster #39;s Group Ltd. for A\$825 million (\$624 million), becoming Australia #39;s biggest residential property developer."
"BAGHDAD, Oct 24 (AFP) - The execution of 43 Iraqi army recruits northeast of Baghdad announced on Sunday is one of the deadliest attacks carried out on the country #39;s fledgling security forces."
"AP - A former top-level State Department official illegally took a secret, unauthorized trip to Taiwan last year and met with Taiwanese intelligence officers, according to a criminal complaint."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chiron Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CHIR.O&lt;/A&gt; has won a  contract to develop a human vaccine against a strain of bird  flu that can infect people and ""has the potential to trigger a  modern-day pandemic,"" the U.S. government said on Tuesday."
Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. posted a much wider third-quarter net loss as it wrote off the remaining goodwill on the TV Guide magazine business.
Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) evidently has decided that making a new ally is good way to parry the threat from Google (Nasdaq: GOOG). The company announced yesterday that it is joining 
JERUSALEM - Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom called Wednesday for UN sanctions against Iran unless it called a complete halt to uranium enrichment.
"Carrefour, the world #39;s No. 2 food retailer said Wednesday that its profit increased 5.3 per cent in the first half of the year, as robust international operations and lower finance costs helped "
Rocket plane SpaceShipOne is attempting a second space flight in a bid to clinch the \$10 million Ansari X-Prize. Judges officially confirmed that pilot Mike Melvill took the craft to 64 miles on Wednesday #39;s first flight.
"Eagles can be thrown on, but this is Kyle Boller and the Ravens we are talking about. He #39;d be a great start, but losing Jonathan Ogden is a pretty big blow."
"he British arm of the accounting firm Ernst  amp; Young faces an investigation into its auditing of Equitable Life Assurance Society, an insurer that almost collapsed, a spokesman for the firm said over the weekend."
"Not just for phone hackers anymore, a California entrepreneur hopes to sell bill collectors and private investigators on the virtues of spoofing.\"
"AP - While most of Italy decamped to the beaches and the mountains for their summer break, one man remained holed up crunching numbers in his office in Rome. The task facing Domenico Siniscalco, Italy's new finance minister, is daunting. He will try to win support for an immense round of budget cuts  #151; totaling at least  #36;29 billion for 2005  #151; to contain Italy's ballooning deficit and cut back its mountainous debt."
"Australia #39;s conservative prime minister, John Howard, is celebrating a decisive victory over the Labor Party in general elections."
"Reuters - McDonald's Corp.  on Tuesday\reported quarterly earnings that were in line with a\higher-than-expected forecast the company gave last week,\helped by strong sales in the United States and a tax benefit."
"ISLAMABAD: Twenty-five people were arrested in raids at Afghan slums on the outskirts of Islamabad on Sunday and illegal weapons were seized from them, police said."
Paris - Yasser Arafat #39;s wife on Sunday despatched a key Palestinian official to the West Bank with a mysterious message for the leadership concerning the health of her husband and its political consequences.
"Danny Williams, Mike Tyson sweepstakes victor and career underachiever, has been trying all week to look the part of the next big some-body, reformed heavyweight on a mission, destinys "
Manchester United chief executive David Gill will head into the clubs annual general meeting tomorrow fearing the possibility of another confrontation with Malcolm Glazer.
"AP - Shawn Marion had a season-high 33 points and 15 rebounds, leading the Phoenix Suns on a fourth-quarter comeback despite the absence of Steve Nash in a 95-86 win over the New Orleans Hornets on Friday night."
"It was another head-scratching turn in a Giants season in which no good deed seems to go unpunished. Brett Tomko got his eighth win Tuesday night, a 9-5 victory over the Colorado Rockies that lifted the Giants "
Microprocessor designer Arm Holdings buys US tech firm Artisan for about \$913m.
"Decrying  #39; #39;ethical breaches of an unprecedented nature, #39; #39; California #39;s insurance commissioner announced regulations Wednesday to bar brokers from steering customers to certain policies in exchange for hidden commissions."
"AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair paid tribute to outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell, calling him  quot;a remarkable man quot; and a long-time  quot;good friend quot; of Britain."
"17 November 2004 - Members of the United Nations Security Council arrived today in Nairobi ahead of a two-day meeting devoted to the civil conflicts engulfing Sudan, including the crisis in the western region of Darfur and the long-running war in the "
"Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. NEW YORK, New York, United States of America -- Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer was suspended one game "
"THE little-noticed drop in the pound on the foreign exchanges is starting to worry Mervyn King. In a speech in the rarefied setting of the Eden Project in Cornwall, the Bank of England governor noted that "
"SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - Cisco Systemstook dead aim at data centers Tuesday at its annual Worldwide Analyst Conference, with company executives claiming many communications functions in servers would be better off moved into the network."
"A joint venture between Alcoa Inc. and BHP Billiton has filed to go public through an offering worth as much as \$100 million, according to regulatory filings and the companies."
"TEN people, most of them youths, were killed and an unknown number were injured when a bomb went off overnight in a religious school in Afghanistan, the US military said today."
"After a soft stretch in their schedule, the Knicks on Friday meet Orlando, their first opponent with a winning record since they beat Cleveland on Nov. 21."
"One, an 80-page tract from the conservative Employment Policy Foundation, paints a Horatio Alger portrait of a nation becoming more competitive globally, thanks in part to small-business growth and a surge in self-employment."
"CUPERTINO, Calif., Oct 15, 2004 (United Press International via COMTEX) -- Capitalizing on the success of its iPod music players and laptops California-based Apple Computer is set to open six stainless steel and white mini-stores."
"JJ Redick and Daniel Ewing each scored 20 points, and No. 11 Duke turned up the defensive pressure in the second half to beat Tennessee-Martin 88-46 Saturday night in the teams #39; season opener in Durham, NC."
"The Russian basketball champions, CSKA Moscow, said Friday that they were disappointed that the Utah Jazz of the NBA had pulled out off a planned exhibition match Oct. 8 in Moscow because of security fears."
"WAL-MART Stores, the worlds largest retailer and owner of Asda supermarkets, has reported a 12.7 per cent rise in its third-quarter earnings."
"CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Vancouver Canucks will announce Wednesday that local businessman Francesco Aquilini is buying half of the team, according to newspaper reports."
"Nearly 17,000 Enron pension plan holders will see their benefits paid, thanks to pressure from the federal government #39;s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation."
AP - An Iraqi extremist group said on its Web site Thursday that it had killed 11 Iraqi troops taken hostage south of Baghdad and posted video of the bound men being shot or beheaded.
"PHOENIX -- Wally Backman was hired Monday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, taking over a team coming off one of the worst seasons in major league history."
"HOUSTON - Roger Clemens was scratched from Houston's critical regular-season finale against the Colorado Rockies on Sunday after coming down with a stomach virus, missing a chance to help the Astros clinch the NL's wild-card spot.    With a victory over the Rockies or a San Francisco loss at Los Angeles, Houston would clinch the final playoff spot..."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Lucent Technologies Inc. said on  Tuesday it has reached a tentative agreement with the unions  representing 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment  maker's work force.
AP - Japan's anti-monopoly agency raided several top record companies Thursday on suspicion they illegally blocked other firms from offering music ringtone services to mobile phone users.
"Phil Nevin belted two homers and drove in four runs Tuesday to lead San Diego past the Los Angeles Dodgers 9-7. Shawn Green hit two home runs for the Dodgers, who lead the National "
"Investor's Business Daily - After fretting for months about the bulging U.S. deficit, in recent days currency traders have turned their attention to the health of the world's other economies."
"When the Terrapins host their annual ""Midnight Madness"" celebration Oct. 15 at Comcast Center, Maryland will hold a Gary Williams look-alike contest."
HARRY Redknapp admitted he might as well have been reading a detailed job description as he watched his new charges at Southampton blow a two-goal lead against Middlesbrough.
"NEW DELHI: It was a grand homecoming for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as he touched the Indira Gandhi International Airport here tonight after culminating his  #39;voyage of discovery #39;, as he described his nine-day tour of Britain and US."
"Halo 2 has the feel of an instant classic, with addictive gameplay and impressive graphics."
"Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape's pioneering browser. That doesn't seem to have bothered the developers of the Mozilla Firefox, a feisty new kid on the block that's worth a serious look."
"Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday\agreed to consider whether Internet file-trading networks\should be held responsible when their users copy music, movies\and other protected works without permission."
"The scene is set for a thrilling Australian Grand Prix after title rivals Sete Gibernau and Valentino Rossi qualified first and second for Sunday #39;s race, in which Rossi could be crowned the 2004 world champion."
" PARIS (Reuters) - France will start enrolling future Muslim  prayer leaders into secular universities next autumn to teach  them the law, civics and history they need to integrate,  Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said in an interview."
Comic and Hollywood star Steve Martin wins the American Cinematheque career achievement honour.
"PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors said it rejected Oracle Corp.'s \$9.2 billion takeover bid Saturday, continuing its staunch resistance a day after the company's own shareholders tendered more than 60 percent of stock to Oracle."
"A former crematory operator accused of dumping 334 bodies, including those of Tennesseans, and passing off cement dust as their ashes has struck a plea deal that calls for up "
"Iraq News, A suicide car bomber killed at least seven people today next to the heavily fortified area in central Baghdad housing the interim government and US embassy, and eight US Marines died in combat in western Iraq."
"Laptops should be used as desktops if men want to protect their reproductive health, according to a new study published Thursday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amelie Mauresmo's grand slam jinx  struck again when she lost 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 to Russian Elena  Dementieva in a dramatic U.S. Open quarter-final Tuesday."
"Dell has announced three new Axim Windows Mobile Pocket PC, dubbed the Dell Axim X50 series. The Axim X50v features a 3.7-inch VGA screen, with a 624MHz CPU, 64MB SD RAM, 128MB flash ROM, wireless LAN and Bluetooth."
Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta voters are set to mark the final X Monday on an election campaign that has seen opposition leaders score points but still struggle to catch a cranky premier flying high by the seat of his pants.
"US Trade Representative Robert Zoellick and his new European counterpart Peter Mandelson failed to make headway on a trans-Atlantic standoff over subsidies for Airbus and Boeing at a meeting Monday, saying the dispute remains headed for WTO arbitration."
"Reuters - European shares opened higher on\Thursday, encouraged by Wall Street's powerful performance\overnight on the back of a slump in oil prices, while Swiss\Life  rose after posting solid growth in premium income."
"com September 17, 2004, 9:32 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology."
"AFP - In the small US town of Hinesville, where streets are named after generals and stores offer military discounts, talk almost invariably turns to the next Iraq mission, and only seldom to the upcoming elections."
"Odyssey HealthCare Inc., which operates 72 hospices in the US, replaced Chief Executive Officer David Gasmire amid a US Justice Department investigation of the company #39;s billing practices."
"No. 1 exporter pledges to hold production levels but is wary of boosting quotas and glutting market. VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC is keeping its foot on the production pedal in a bid to drag down oil prices, but "
"After a daylong wait for an afternoon doubleheader that got turned into a single night game, the New York Yankees found their 1-2 punch."
The problem of preserving digital photos and other electronic records for future decades confounds even the experts.
"Reuters - U.S. warplanes attacked the\rebel-held city of Falluja overnight, killing two people, a\witness said."
Reuters - A wedding guest who sparked a bidding frenzy when he offered for sale a pair of invitations to a wedding he did not\want to attend has admitted that the bride was a former girl friend.
"Most of the big names advanced safely to the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup after a frantic night #39;s action Thursday, though Parma, Real Zaragoza and particularly Rangers, cut it fine."
Here's where the Baltimore Ravens are missing the bus: They've got Deion Sanders and they've scheduled his news conference for early in the afternoon. Put it in Prime Time!
"Motorola Inc., the second-largest maker of wireless handsets, said Thursday it agreed to purchase Crisnet Inc., a privately-held developer of records management and related systems for criminal justice and public safety customers."
"United who fielded effectively a reserve side, overcame Crystal Palace with first half goals from Louis Saha and Kieran Richardson."
The rise and fall of companies such as Schwinn help explain why the economy has become less forgiving of workers who lack higher education or specialized skills.
"Leapfrog Enterprises Inc. (LF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) executives said on Thursday its 2004 results will be  quot;significantly below quot; previous forecasts, withdrew its 2004 estimates "
"Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will likely miss Sunday's game against the Cincinnati Bengals, a game that has playoff implications."
Chelsea missed the chance to go level on points with Arsenal at the top of English soccer #39;s Premiership by drawing 0-0 at home with Tottenham.
Right-wing parties have scored a surprise success in Lithuania #39;s parliamentary elections on the weekend. The right-wing Conservative Party and Liberal Center Union party won 43 seats together in the 141-member parliament.
"London, Nov. 30 (NNN) : The world has failed to help survivors of the Bhopal gas leak in India 20 years ago or to punish the guilty, Amnesty International has said."
"Behind MS on security, says top bug hunter"
UK tissue engineering experts are teaming up with NASA to find treatments for diseases back on Earth.
"Whether the Houston Astros are still in contention for the Wild Card spot when the Colorado Rockies roll into town this weekend is anyone #39;s guess, as is which starting "
British Chancellor Gordon Brown has denied he was overly optimistic about the state of the British economy in Thursday #39;s pre-budget report.
" SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (Reuters) - El Salvador has sent  the last 80 soldiers of a new contingent of troops to join the  U.S.-led coalition in Iraq, the army said on Monday, despite  repeated retaliation threats from Islamic militants."
"Jamal Lewis scored the decisive touchdown with 7:03 left following a 7-yard punt, and Ed Reed sealed the victory with an NFL-record 106-yard interception return in the waning seconds as the Baltimore Ravens beat the Cleveland Browns, 27-13, Sunday."
"President Bush and rival John Kerry on Tuesday offered different ways to boost the sluggish job market, the president calling for legal reforms to help workers and businesses while his Democratic opponent proposed ending tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas.    Kerry, moving aggressively in the face of polls showing his candidacy lagging, used the latest forecast of a record budget deficit to bolster his contention that Bush is leading the country in the wrong direction..."
"Staff Sgt. Johnny Horne Jr. and Staff Sgt. Cardenas Alban, both from Company C, 1st Battalion, 41st Infantry Regiment from Fort Riley, Kan, are being charge with murder."
GLASGOW (AFP) - Rangers won 2-0 in a heated Old Firm game at Ibrox to narrow Celtic #39;s lead in the Scottish Premier League to a single point.
"OTTAWA - Interest rates are up and are likely going higher but don #39;t lock in that variable-rate mortgage, experts advised Tuesday after the Bank of Canada raised interest rates a further quarter-point."
Three UK bankers must wait until the middle of October to see if they will be extradited to the US over an Enron-related case.
"The nation #39;s home builders, real estate salespeople and mortgage bankers stood by their man in the presidential election, and now they hope he stands by his housing agenda during the next four years."
AP - Give Seimone Augustus the basketball and watch her go to work. Nothing is more comforting to the LSU Lady Tigers  #151; or more unsettling for their opponents. Augustus has tormented defenders for two years and the accolades have poured in. She received another Tuesday as the No. 1 choice on The Associated Press' preseason All-America team.
Tiger Woods says Mark O'Meara should have been named US Ryder Cup captain for 2006.
"Toyota Motor Corp. #39;s shares fell for a second day, after the world #39;s second-biggest automaker had an unexpected quarterly profit drop."
"PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan extended its deadly march across the South on Friday, destroying homes, swamping streets and leaving hundreds of thousands of people without power from the Gulf Coast to the Carolinas..."
"After nearly two years of negotiations, the United Nations has chosen to shelve human cloning treaties and instead consider a non-binding declaration introduced by Italy as a compromise to please polarized member states."
"The hostage takers who grabbed Italian journalist Enzo Baldoni on the road between Baghdad and Najaf in Iraq have killed him, the Italian government confirmed Thursday."
"THE country #39;s largest carmaker Maruti Udyog Ltd #39;s (MUL) stock prices slipped on Monday, triggered ostensibly by parent company Suzuki Motor Corporation #39;s announcement to set up a new car assembly unit in India through a separate joint venture."
"Dr David Graham, associate director for science in the Office of Drug Safety at FDA, alleged in a  quot;series of testy e-mail exchanges quot; that agency officials  quot;delayed and demeaned quot; the results of a study he conducted that found Vioxx -- a COX-2 inhibitor "
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Serena Williams ended Amelie  Mauresmo's hopes of grabbing the year-end number one ranking by  beating the Frenchwoman 4-6, 7-6, 6-4 in the semi-finals of the  WTA Tour Championships Sunday."
"Iran #39;s Ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Pirooz Hosseini leaves in a car after a second round of talks with EU negotiators failed to produce an agreement for a total suspension of uranium enrichment in Iran, on Wednesday, Oct."
"PASADENA, Calif. - The US-European spacecraft Cassini hurtled Tuesday toward its closest encounter yet with Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan."
MCI announced on Wednesday a line of managed LAN services available at three different service levels.
Radio One Inc.'s chief executive said Monday his \$56 million acquisition of popular radio personality Tom Joyner's morning show will help stave off the threat of Internet and satellite radio in the urban radio market.
Raul Gonzalez scored a 70th-minute equalizer Tuesday to earn Real Madrid a 1-1 draw with Bayer Leverkusen and keep alive its hopes of reaching the second round of the European Champions League.
"The number of cars on China's roads is set to rise sevenfold to 140 million by 2020, according to government forecasts."
" PARIS (Reuters) - A soldier Sunday threatened to blow up a  site storing about 64 tons of munitions in eastern France,  leading to the evacuation of about 400 inhabitants of three  villages in the Marne region."
"Richard Branson #39;s Virgin group said today that it would be entering the market of online music, a move which will put Virgin against other music services such as Apple iTunes, MSN Music and many other pay-per-song music services."
"Fujitsu Limited and Cisco Systems, Inc. today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers "
"The JVC Everio GZ-MC100 (\$1199.95) and GZ-MC200 (\$1299.95) will use 4GB Microdrive cards, which are removable hard drives measuring 1.5 inches square, but will also support standard CompactFlash and Secure Digital media."
An ink expert who testified for the government at the Martha Stewart trial was found not guilty yesterday of lying on the witness stand.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer confidence retreated in  August while Chicago-area business activity slowed, according  to reports on Tuesday that added to worries the economy's patch  of slow growth may last beyond the summer."
Insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday it is renegotiating terms of \$2.8 billion of backup bank financing after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued the company last week.
"A Canadian man arrested in the U.S. was allegedly responsible for putting 68,000 hacked smart cards on the street.\"
" PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's wife accused Palestinian  leaders on Monday of plotting to ""bury him alive,"" but they  decided to go ahead with a visit to the critically ill  Palestinian president at a French military hospital."
"Never shy about arriving late, Microsoft (MSFT:Nasdaq - news - research) is expected to launch a new version of its search service Thursday as the software titan seeks a stronger spot in that lucrative corner of Internet advertising."
"When the Genesis capsule comes back to Earth with its samples of the sun, helicopter pilots will be waiting for it, ready to snag it out of the sky."
"DALLAS, Sept. 9 -- Electronic Data Systems Corp. could cut 15,000 to 20,000 jobs -- more than 10 percent of its workforce -- over about two years to help reduce costs by about \$3 billion, chief executive Michael H. Jordan said Thursday."
"British police voiced astonishment on Sunday that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a 300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing, killing six people."
The Americans won a couple of better-ball matches and halved another before losing to the most unheralded European team in the final match Saturday morning.
"University of Colorado School of Dentistry students no longer struggle with heavy backpacks.Instead, they carry 12-inch wireless PowerBooks from home to class to the patient simulations clinic. Oct 21"
AP - A new federal study has found that more threatened loggerhead sea turtles are injured or killed by the mid-Atlantic scallop fishery than earlier estimates indicated.
"Kolkata, Oct 20 : Hoping to avail of batting genius Sachin Tendulkar #39;s services in the third Test against Australia at Nagpur from next week, Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly today expressed the confidence that the three-month lay-off would not have any "
"Doc Rivers was cheered by his old fans, then his new team gave him a small measure of revenge. Rivers #39; Boston Celtics snapped a four-game losing streak by beating the Orlando Magic 117 "
"AP - Circuit City Stores Inc. reported a smaller-than-expected loss in the third quarter on store efficiencies and higher extended warranty sales, but the retailer's top executive said sales closer to the holiday season were slower than expected."
Peyton Manning equaled a career high with six touchdown passes Thursday in carrying Indianapolis to a 41-9 blasting of Detroit. It was the fifth straight game in which Manning 
"Reuters - Oil prices hit fresh highs on Friday,\lifting U.S. crude above  #36;49 a barrel, driven by escalating\violence in Iraq and unabated fuel demand growth from China and\India."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open near  unchanged on Thursday after a warning from technology  bellwether Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NT.N&lt;/A&gt; dimmed hopes, while  stubbornly high oil prices also weighed on sentiment."
Taiwan's President Chen Shui-bian says China's leadership changes are  unlikely to signal a big policy shift.
"SAN FRANCISCOBEA Systems Inc. took advantage of the proximity of Oracle Corp. #39;s OpenWorld conference here this week to introduce BEA WebLogic Server 9.0, which is designed to allow developers to rapidly "
David Coulthard moved a significant step closer to staying in Formula One when he started a three-day test with the Red Bull Racing team in southern Spain on Wednesday.
Japan #39;s largest automaker Toyota Motor Corp. said Wednesday it has reached an agreement with China FAW Group Corp. to jointly produce Toyota #39;s Prius hybrid-engine cars in China by the end of 2005.
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saddam Hussein underwent a hernia  operation at a U.S.-run hospital inside Baghdad's Green Zone  two weeks ago and has made a full recovery, a U.S. military  official said Wednesday."
"AP - Verizon Wireless is buying wireless spectrum licenses covering 23 U.S. markets from bankrupt NextWave Telecom Inc. for  #36;3 billion, bolstering the cell phone company's ability to compete with the big new rival created by the merger of Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless."
"The Bush rally roared into a second day yesterday, with a big assist from oil that pushed blue-chips to their biggest gain in 13 months."
BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber blasted an American convoy north of Baghdad as US troops battled insurgents west of the capital yesterday in a wave of violence that killed at least 27 people.
"A statement purported to be from al-Qaeda claimed responsibility today for a truck bomb which killed seven people, including two US citizens, in Kabul, and which was earlier claimed by the Taliban militia."
"Islamabad, Nov. 20. (PTI): Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf today dismissed Indian government #39;s decision on the reduction of troops in Jammu and Kashmir as a  quot;cosmetic change quot; and not a strategic move that could help solve the Kashmir issue."
"UNITED NATIONSWar crimes have probably occurred on  quot;a large and systematic scale quot; in Sudan #39;s Darfur region and will likely continue, UN envoys Louise Arbour and Juan Mendez said yesterday."
Tony Blair has redoubled his commitment to finding a resolution to the conflict between Israel and the Palestine. The prime minister told the Commons on Wednesday that bringing peace to the region was the  quot;key quot; to tackling international terrorism.
"chiefs hold emergency meetings over how to combat a mob turf battle in the southern Italian city. were the latest victims of a struggle for control a multi-billion dollar trade in drugs, arms and prostitution."
"AFP - The Islamic Army in Iraq has announced it abducted a driver from Sri Lanka and another from Bangladesh who work for a Kuwaiti company, Al-Jazeera television said, showing footage of the pair."
"Reuters - Sudan's government said on Thursday it\hoped to reach a peace deal in talks resuming on Friday with\rebels in Darfur, where the United Nations says one of the\world's worst humanitarian crises has unfolded."
Russian security officials are concerned two female suicide bombers who downed two planes last week arrived in Moscow with two other women from Chechnya.
"AC Milan and Italy striker Filippo Inzaghi has undergone surgery on his troublesome left ankle and is not expected to return to action for three months, the Serie A club said."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Margaret Hassan spent a large part of her 59 years helping needy Iraqis. On Tuesday, her friends and family said they believed her captors had executed her, unjustly ending her life in the land she had adopted as her home."
Tyrell Dortch #39;s homecoming will be triumphant regardless of how Michigan State #39;s season-opener against Rutgers turns out. There was a time in 2001 when doctors claimed a major victory on 
"At least two people die and 50 are hurt when a train plunges into a ravine in the Philippines, officials say."
"WASHINGTON - Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for new vehicles in October but spent like mad in a number of other areas, including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday."
"MOSCOW Russian law enforcement agencies have thwarted an extremist attack on targets in Moscow, according to the FSB, the federal security service."
"US President George W. Bush said on Wednesday that his government still adheres to the strong-dollar policy.  quot;The policy of my government is a strong-dollar policy, quot; Bush "
"Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S.-made\goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for\computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government\report showed on Wednesday."
"BEIT LAHIYA (Gaza Strip) - Palestinians lobbed mortar shells at an Israeli settlement in the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, hours after Israeli troops ended a raid of the area meant to stop such attacks."
"AP - Using a makeshift roster a night after brawling with fans, the Indiana Pacers pressed the Orlando Magic until the very end. Limited to just six players because of suspensions and injuries, the Pacers stayed close before dropping an 86-83 decision to Orlando on Saturday night."
"Asian economies are heading for robust economic growth in 2004, followed by a slight slowdown in 2005, the Asian Development Bank has said."
"Summary - (Sep 24, 2004) An international team of scientists have discovered one of the most powerful events since the Big Bang: a collision between two galaxy clusters, which is smashing millions of stars into each other."
"THE HAGUE, Netherlands - It's not easy being Slobodan Milosevic's lawyer.    Appointed two weeks ago to defend the former Yugoslav president against war crimes charges, British attorney Steven Kay's practiced poise and calm legal demeanor has, at times, given way to sheer frustration..."
"Severn Trent, the UK water and waste group, saw first-half profits hit by the weak US dollar, as well as a 15m pension fund charge."
"EVANSTON, Ill. Noah Herron #39;s three-yard touchdown run with 38 seconds left pushed Northwestern past 17th-ranked Purdue 13-to-10."
"MILLAU, France -- French citizens and officials are celebrating a roadway bridge considered to be the world #39;s tallest. One of the Millau bridge #39;s pillars reaches more than 1,100 feet into the air, making it more than 50 feet taller than the Eiffel Tower."
"Tim Henman shook off a recent bout of fatigue to beat Antony Dupuis of France 6-3, 6-4 Wednesday in the opening round of the Swiss Indoors."
FILDERSTADT (Germany) - Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport took their battle for the No. 1 ranking and Porsche Grand Prix title into the semi-finals with straight-sets victories on Friday.
"BEIJING - A diplomat who visited the site of a huge explosion in North Korea said Friday he saw no evidence it was caused by a nuclear test, and South Korean officials said mushroom-shaped plume thought to be from the blast may have instead been a natural cloud formation.    The extremely secretive North allowed diplomats from seven countries to the site to prove its contention that the Sept..."
2GHz chip is the highest performing processor in AMD's family of low-power Mobile AMD Athlon 64 products.
SYDNEY: Australia and Pakistan have been involved in some classic cricketing confrontations but the spin doctors have their work cut out this time in trying to generate any real hype in the build-up to their Test series.
"Wachovia Corp. (WB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the fifth-largest US bank, on Thursday named David Carroll head of capital management, one of its biggest businesses, replacing Donald McMullen, who is retiring."
Chelsea #39;s Jose Mourinho insists rival managers Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger are good friends despite their bitter Premiership rivalry.
Medical Research Council (MRC) scientists have ended lengthy scientific speculation by confirming that chickens have an acute sense of smell.
"An Iraqi group said it killed three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP), which cooperates with the Iraqi government, and posted a video tape on its web site of the apparent beheadings."
US Olympic Committee officials angrily denounced gymnastics international federation for sending a letter to Olympic gold medalist Paul Hamm asking him 
"AP - U.S. eighth-graders are gaining on their peers across the globe in science and math, but fourth-graders are being passed as their test scores remain stagnant, according to an international review of school performance."
"Interpreters have long been the cogs in the wheel of international diplomacy. They make headlines only when they mess up, as when President Jimmy Carter's interpreter spoke of the Polish people's ""lusts for the future"" instead of their  ""desires"" for the future.  And even then, convention demands that interpreters  remain in the background, refraining from public comment."
" BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt  was being treated in hospital late on Tuesday after an accident  in which his car overturned, but his life was not in danger,  Belga news agency reported."
"A disparate group made up of dozens of state attorneys general, labor unions, retailers, professional sports leagues and others urged the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to hear a claim brought by the recording and film industries against two Internet file-sharing firms."
"The Russian oil giant Yukos said today that its management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset in December."
"By the Editor. WITH a zest for the birth of a durable peace and serenity, President Musharraf has reiterated his call for identification, demilitarization and change in the status of the seven regions of Kashmir "
"HAVANA -- Just days before the US presidential election, which could alter US-Cuba relations, communist officials were designing deals to buy \$150 million more in US farm products at a trade fair opening today."
"A CALIFORNIAN company announced two different versions of cluster workstations which, it claims, will give supercomputer abilities for professionals who need to number crunch in a non-trivial way."
The Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service says it will investigate the circumstances surrounding a crocodile attack in the state #39;s far north.
"After a major earthquake and 10 typhoons, there's more concern that the system can't handle such disasters."
"The recalled printers include the Lexmark E232, E232t, E330, E332n and E332tn models; the IBM Infoprint 1412 and 1412n; and the Dell 1700 and 1700n, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission."
"Reuters - Shares of Sears, Roebuck and Co. were\up about 20 percent on Friday after real estate company Vornado\Realty Trust said it raised its stake in the retailer, a step\that could mean Sears plans to convert some of its real estate\assets into cash."
"In the end, it wasn #39;t about holding on to the No. 1 ranking or the Preseason NIT title or even the game. For Wake Forest #39;s Eric Williams, it was just about holding on to the ball."
It #39;s a sleepy Thursday in the biggest summer vacation week in the year. Almost nobody #39;s around. Anyone who is around is focused on politics and the president #39;s speech tonight.
"LAUSANNE, Switzerland : Doping cases of world 100m record holder Tim Montgomery and Chryste Gaines have been postponed, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) said."
"Density may be important in physics, but Acton-Boxboro thinks the concept is overrated -- especially when it comes to its football team."
"Libya said today it had deported 1,000 Egyptian migrants back home after their controversial expulsion from Italy. Italy airlifted illegal immigrants to Libya this week in a bid to deter would-be asylum seekers "
Spanish authorities said Tuesday they disrupted a plot by a cell of Islamic radicals to blow up a Madrid court complex that serves as the home for the country #39;s top anti-terrorism investigators and judges.
"Opinion: While the Palm Inc. spinoff has had a tough infancy, its acquisition of China MobileSoft promises to position it as a formidable contender in the emerging mobile market."
"Newsday #39;s under a lot of pressure - but so is the Audit Bureau of Circulations, the agency charged with verifying circulation for the newspaper industry."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set for a higher open  on Monday, helped by news business software maker Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; struck a deal to buy rival PeopleSoft Inc.&lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt;,  ending a bitter takeover battle."
Storage powerhouses Hewlett-Packard Co. and QLogic Corp. have created an easy-to-use SAN-in-a-box product targeted at small and midsize businesses.
"Norwegian browser developer Opera Software ASA has developed a product to run on Microsoft Corp.'s Windows Mobile operating system, with plans to ship demonstration versions to mobile phone operators and manufacturers in the coming weeks."
"AP - Lance Berkman hit a three-run homer off Dustin Hermanson in the ninth inning, and the Houston Astros rallied from a late three-run deficit for a 7-3 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Friday night."
"AP - Sixteenth-seeded Francesca Schiavone of Italy recorded the first victory at the U.S. Open on Monday, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-3 as the final Grand Slam began under gray, cloudy skies."
You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. And that #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when NASA #39;s Deep Impact mission 
"If you are going to depend on a windmill, it's best to find a windy place to put it. Companies that can assess a location's wind potential are in demand, and they are pushing the technology to predict shifting breezes. By John Gartner."
"Computer Associates is not messing around with its storage management software line. The company this month will upgrade all 13 versions of the BrightStor family, release a new product aimed at automating "
"Google announced its purchase yesterday of Keyhole, a mapping company that uses satellite photographs to produce three-dimensional maps, in a move that could bolster Google #39;s local search capabilities."
"SAO PAULO: The mother of Santos striker Robinho was released unharmed yesterday, 40 days after she was kidnapped at a family gathering."
"Hewlett-Packard Co. #39;s shares rose more than 4 percent Wednesday as investors reacted to its report a day earlier that earnings rose 26.5 percent in the fourth quarter, led by record revenue growth across all of the computer giant #39;s business units "
"It started with a missed drugs test and ended with a stripped gold medal. In between it was dominated by steroids, stimulants and diuretics."
"BERKELEY, Calif. (CP) - Former CFL player and coach Jeff Tedford agreed to a five-year extension Monday with the University of California that will see him remain under contract as the school #39;s head football coach through 2009."
"The imprisoned leader of Fatah #39;s Tanzim in the West Bank, Marwan Barghouti, announced on Friday that he will not run for the post of Palestinian Authority chairman."
"Like so much in the post-Enron world, the quiet period - which begins when a company files paperwork to go public - has been redefined."
Betting patterns described as  quot;the most suspicious ever seen in football quot; yesterday prompted European football #39;s governing body to begin  quot;gathering information quot; about a Uefa Cup match - in Newcastle United #39;s group - on Wednesday.
LONDON - Britain #39;s leading scientific institution said yesterday it is calling for support from other countries to stop a possible ban on stem cell research as part of a global treaty to ban human cloning.
"AP - The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week by 20,000, the largest jump in a month, the Labor Department reported Thursday."
The choice of Alberto R. Gonzales as attorney general may be part of a strategy to bolster his credentials with conservatives.
"Embattled Tommy Hilfiger Corp., desperate to acquire an upscale brand to help re-ignite its growth engine, will buy designer Karl Lagerfeld #39;s small business and roll "
"SINGAPORE : The Philippines #39; largest food and beverage group, San Miguel Corp, says it may bid for a 40 percent stake in Singapore-listed Del Monte Pacific."
Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has played down fears that he could be sidelined for up to three months after fracturing the fifth metatarsal in his left foot.
(IsraelNN.com) Officials in Jerusalem responding to statements quoting Syrian President Bashar el-Assad report there is nothing new in Syrias position.
"American Robby Ginepri advanced to the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy with a 6-2, 6-1 win Thursday over fifth-seeded Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand."
"PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Driven from splintered trailers, roofless condos and powerless suburban homes, Hurricane Charley's hungry victims sweated through long lines Monday to find food, showers and drinking water three days after the storm left their lives in shambles..."
"PARIS - Conflicting reports emerged Tuesday about the seriousness of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness, as a fifth day of medical tests began at a French military hospital that specializes in blood disorders."
"NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Investors beware: If a wily female, apparently believing she #39;s calling someone else, leaves a message with you advising of a hot stock tip, walk away. According to the Securities and Exchange Commission, it #39;s a scam. "
"AFP - Britain intends to send  quot;a very clear message quot; to North Korea that it must enter into serious dialogue about its nuclear programme, Prime Minister Tony Blair said."
"A Harvard biologist scores on three fronts with a genetic discovery in diabetes, an advance toward curing a rare children's disease and a \$500,000 award for scientific creativity. Fifth in a series profiling the MacArthur Foundation 'genius award' winners. By Kari Lynn Dean."
"Tens of thousands of Antarctic penguin chicks could starve to death in the next few weeks as a huge iceberg blocks access to coastal feeding grounds, a New Zealand official said today."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - RadioShack Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RSH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  posted a 22 percent rise in its third-quarter profit due to  strong wireless sales and cost control, and reaffirmed its goal  to grow 2005 earnings by as much 21 percent."
AP - Vijay Singh has one month to put the final touches on what already is a masterpiece.
"Japanese stocks may rise after a US government report showed accelerating job growth, suggesting that the world #39;s largest economy is emerging from a midyear lull."
Till now the adoption of Linux has been largely restricted to the server - thanks to disinterested ISVs and strong reluctance by Windows-only users.
Citroen and Peugeot have announced they will be withdrawing from the World Rally Championship at the end of 2005. The French manufacturers cited tough conditions in the car market for their decision.
 DOHA (Reuters) - Qatari Energy Minister Abdullah al-Attiyah  said on Tuesday that \$30 a barrel was a fair price for oil -- a  level nearly \$20 below U.S. crude futures.
"A Los Angeles man filed a class action suit yesterday against Microsoft, claiming that the company manufactured and sold thousands of defective Xbox video game systems."
"(Sports Network/CP files) - The Toronto Raptors play the fifth contest of a six-game road trip, as they visit the Los Angeles Clippers tonight at the Staples Center."
"Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Flames shot several metres into the sky as a major pileup involving several semi-trailers killed one person Thursday, injured six others and caused traffic chaos on a busy highway."
There is more to Howard Stern's migration to satellite radio than meets the FM dial's eye.
" LONDON (Reuters) - European shares eased from fresh 2-1/2  year highs on Friday after drugmaker AstraZeneca said clinical  studies found its Iressa lung cancer drug did not help patients  survive, sending its shares sliding."
MOSCOW -- The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled yesterday embattled oil giant Yukos must pay \$1.34 billion US in fines and penalties as part of a \$4.
DENVER (Ticker) -- Jake Plummer more than made up for a lack of a running game. Plummer passed for 294 yards and two touchdowns as the Denver Broncos posted a 23-13 victory over the San Diego Chargers in a battle of AFC West Division rivals.
"Reuters - Police have arrested a Dutch national\suspected of supplying thousands of tons of ingredients for\mustard gas and nerve gas to Iraq under toppled leader Saddam\Hussein, prosecutors said Tuesday."
"MILTON -- If you could build a prototype Mansfield Hornet, he just might look like Brett McDermott."
An audio tape purportedly by Osama bin Laden praises gunmen who attacked a US consulate in Saudi Arabia on Dec. 6 and warns Saudi rulers they could be toppled like the Shah of Iran.
"At least 39 people were killed and more than 80 wounded when a suicide car bomb exploded at a rally for an assassinated militant religious leader in central Pakistan early Thursday, police said."
"Fulfilling a long-time goal, Intel Corp. is set to introduce on Thursday its first chip set that supports all three current forms of Wi-Fi, according to sources familiar with the announcement."
"Court documents say Dell, Gateway, and other major PC vendors were affected."
Sweden #39;s Annika Sorenstam overhauled a three-shot deficit in the last five holes to win a record fourth Samsung World Championship in California.
Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan warns that prompt action is needed to fund pensions for the ageing US population.
Iran notified the UN nuclear watchdog in writing yesterday that it would suspend uranium enrichment and related activities to dispel suspicions that it was trying to build nuclear arms.
"Using computer programs,scientists have suceeded in reconstructing the DNA of a creature that lived at the time of the dinosaurs more than 75 million years ago, a small, furry nocturnal animal that was the common ancestor of all placental mammals "
A new technology capable of storing the equivalent of 100 DVDs on a single DVD-sized disc has been unveiled by researchers from London #39;s Imperial College.
WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Friday signed into law a three-year moratorium on Internet access taxes.
"AP - Echoing what NASA officials said a day earlier, a Russian space official on Friday said the two-man crew on the international space station could be forced to return to Earth if a planned resupply flight cannot reach them with food supplies later this month."
"Carmelo Anthony was cited for marijuana possession before getting on a team flight last week, but the Denver Nuggets #39; star says the drug was left in his backpack by a friend."
"LONDON, England -- A US scientist is reported to have observed a surprising jump in the amount of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas."
"YOKOHAMA, Japan : World Cup heroes Miroslav Klose and Michael Ballack scored the goals on Thursday as Germany overwhelmed Asian champions Japan 3-0 in the opener of their three-game Asian tour."
"AP - Vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Wednesday sought to assure black supporters that he and John Kerry have ""fought for this community our entire lives""  #151; and would continue doing so  #151; on a day devoted to reaching out to the base in the Democratic stronghold of northeast Ohio."
"It all came down to a small, Utah-made device sitting inside an Idaho pottery kiln. This recent experiment at a national research laboratory in Idaho Falls, Idaho, may pave the way for an efficient means of extracting hydrogen from water."
"A day before the nuclear-armed rivals were due to discuss confidence building steps, Pakistan said it objected to India raising Islamabad #39;s conventional arms purchase plans as an issue given its own active buying programme."
"At Baltimore pow-wow, hype over new electronic tracking technology is tempered by concerns about cost, privacy and quality."
"_ The burning and deforestation of Brazil #39;s vast Amazon rain forest causes nearly 3 percent of the world #39;s greenhouse gas emissions, according to a government report released Wednesday."
"KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started Saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader Hamid Karzai said they would boycott the outcome because of potential fraud in the system designed to keep voters from casting more than one ballot.    The poll also was marred by violence, as militants ambushed police escorting boxes of ballots, killing three officers in the deadliest direct assault on the landmark post-Taliban vote, a senior official said..."
"Drugmaker Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said it will make clinical trial information available online amid calls by lawmakers and physicians for more disclosure of negative trial results."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PBG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PBG.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest bottler of Pepsi drinks, on Tuesday said quarterly  profit rose on volume growth in the United States and Europe."
"AFP - French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier said he was still hopeful two French reporters held hostage in Iraq would be freed, adding that  quot;lines of dialogue quot; had been opened with those detaining them."
"Here #39;s the skinny: The EMC Storage Router made its debut at Storage Network World here this week, but only in ballroom demonstrations (see EMC on Virtualization: Wait for Us)."
"The economy continued to strengthen in September and early October in the Great Plains and Rocky Mountain regions covered by the Tenth Federal Reserve District, the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City said Wednesday."
"&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Just you try battling the pigopolists, mate"
"Propelled by another potent performance from its defense unit, Boeing announced third-quarter results yesterday that surpassed investors #39; expectations as profits climbed 78 percent from a year ago."
"A Greek judoka, who 17 days ago jumped off a balcony after a row with her boyfriend hours before she was due to go into the athletes #39; Olympic village for the Athens Games, has died in hospital."
Tony Blair arrives back in Britain from Africa after saying the continent should be the top priority for a new EU battle force.
Mars rovers have found new evidence that water was once plentiful in the hills and plains of the now-barren Red Planet. After discovering the plains where it landed was once a 
"The man responsible for selling portions of Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) Windows NT and 2000 source code earlier this year was charged with one count of unlawfully distributing a trade secret by the US Attorney #39;s Office in Manhattan Tuesday."
"Three years after introducing its first blade server, Dell Inc. on Monday rolled out the next generation of the dense form factor, promising greater density and price/performance than what competitors are offering."
"The increase reflected a continued boom in online advertising, as well as a windfall that Yahoo realized from selling part of its stake in rival Google Inc. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
Hearts head coach Craig Levein is poised to join Leicester City after saying his goodbyes to Jambos players at training this morning.
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average was down 0.19  percent by mid-morning on Tuesday, the first trading day of  2005, as investors grabbed profits in Mizuho Financial Group  and other major banks that had made strong gains late last  year."
"Italy says it has no intention of withdrawing its 3,000 troops from Iraq in the face of demands from kidnappers who have seized an Italian journalist."
"OURE CASSONI, CHAD - She pulled tattered socks over her bony legs and stared at the ground, trying to hide the dirty, torn clothing she is so embarrassed to wear. "
Pitcher and Piano owner Wolverhampton  amp; Dudley says it is buying smaller rival Burtonwood for 119 million pounds after meeting forecasts with higher annual profits.
"An unmanned experimental jet has broken a world record for speed, cruising over the Pacific Ocean at just under 7000 miles (11,265km) per hour in a NASA test of cutting-edge  quot;scramjet quot; engine technology."
"European Central Bank holds rates at record low of 2, citing concerns about soaring oil prices. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Central Bank left its key interest rate unchanged Thursday, taking more time "
"Reuters - Violent storms lashed through northern\and eastern France on Friday, killing five people and forcing\officials to close a Christmas market and Paris tourist\attractions, such as an ice-skating rink on the Eiffel Tower."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Philip Morris USA cut wholesale  discounts on its best-selling Marlboro cigarettes and three  other brands, a spokeswoman said on Friday, effectively raising  prices for the first time in more than two-and-a-half years."
"NEW YORK, OCT 3: Computer major IBM claims it has developed the Blue Gene/L to be the worlds most powerful computer, pushing the current ranker Japans Earth Simulator to the second slot."
" NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft launched a fresh  assault on Shi'ite rebels in the Iraqi city of Najaf early on  Sunday after talks on surrendering control of the gold-domed  mosque at the center of an 18-day siege ran into trouble."
More than 100 undocumented asylum seekers claiming to be Palestinians rest after being rescued by the Italian Coast Guard off Sicily 21 August 2004 in the harbour of the Italian island of Lampedusa.
"Washington, DC - The head of the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) today encouraged air travelers to become partners over the holiday season in ensuring security and minimizing passenger wait-times at screening checkpoints."
MIAMI Virginia Tech can now proclaim itself the Atlantic Coast Conference #39;s best team _ and no one can argue. The 10th-ranked Hokies capped their inaugural ACC season with the league #39;s outright championship.
"The San Diego Chargers won convincingly for the second straight week, beating the New Orleans Saints 43-17 with sporadic rain drops raining down."
Interest rates have been kept at 4.75 amid signs that five rises over the last year had finally put the brakes on house prices and consumer spending.
Reuters - A new Ukrainian poll of some sort looks\increasingly likely once again on Thursday as parliament and\the Supreme Court press ahead with efforts to resolve a\national crisis over a disputed presidential election.
"Georgia Power and Savannah Electric will not have to pay for new research into energy-efficiency programs, the state Public Service Commission ruled Tuesday. "
"The US unemployment rate fell slightly and 144,000 more people found work in August, providing both the Bush and Kerry campaigns ammunition in their battle for the presidency."
"Congress yesterday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock."
"ATI Technologies Inc., the world #39;s second-biggest maker of computer-graphics chips, said fourth- quarter profit more than doubled, helped by sales of graphics- enhanced cell phones and high-definition televisions."
"Medical tests have shown that a man being held in Iraqi custody is not former president Saddam Hussein's deputy, Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, Interior Ministry spokesman Sabah Kadhim said Monday."
"AP - A small spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, signaling Europe's first successful mission to the moon and paving the way for the craft to be used to study the lunar surface, a European Space Agency spokesman said Tuesday."
NEW YORK - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger drew on his childhood in Soviet-occupied Austria to praise President Bush's war on terror...
"LORETO, Italy: Pope John Paul II yesterday beatified three members of an international lay Catholic movement at an huge open-air mass near the central Italian town of Loreto."
"AP - Dressed for a night on the town, Serena Williams was all business in her first match in 4 1/2 weeks. Showing little sign of her injury-induced layoff, the two-time U.S. Open champion advanced to the second round with ease, overwhelming Sandra Kleinova of the Czech Republic 6-1, 6-3 Monday night."
"National Foods Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk supplier, increased second-half profit by 12 percent after selling more specialty cheeses and gourmet foods."
"Top seed Andy Roddick and holder Tim Henman, their minds perhaps on next week #39;s Masters Cup, bowed out of the Paris Masters in the third round on Thursday."
"World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina sustained a concussion but no broken bones in a fall during the free skating program at Skate America, the ITAR-Tass news agency quoted the head of Russia #39;s figure skating federation as saying "
" ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan bowed to international pressure  Tuesday for a ban on military flights over the Darfur region,  where 1.5 million have been forced from their homes, and signed  two landmark peace deals with rebels."
"Cisco Systems announced it is acquiring NetSolve, which provides real-time monitoring of the performance of corporate data networks."
"AFP -  quot;If you are showing the new Afghanistan, you cannot do it with a photo of a cemetery! quot; explains an exasperated worker with the media production house guiding Afghan presidential candidates into the murky world of political marketing."
Auburn #39;s offensive line coach Hugh Nall jokes that the Tigers have a new name for their new offense: the West Coast redneck offense.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Google #39;s long-awaited kickoff as the largest Internet IPO of all time is likely to take place as early as Wednesday after the controversial Dutch auction process wraps up after the bell. 
PITTSBURGH The chief executive of Mylan Laboratories says a move by Wall Street financier Carl Icahn (EYE #39;-kahn) to halt Mylan #39;s acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals is wrongheaded.
The fastest-aiming space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit Saturday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions that astronomers 
Parmalat's government-appointed administrator filed a suit yesterday against Bank of America in a federal court in North Carolina in the latest attempt by the collapsed dairy giant to recoup money from financial institutions with which it dealt.
"Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.200 percent, down from 2.210 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 2.425 percent, up from 2.380 percent."
"by RN Security and Defence editor Hans de Vreij, 24 September 2004. Iran and the United Nations remain on collision course as Tehran sticks by its refusal to end its uranium enrichment programme."
"The first Olympic Games were dedicated to the Olympian gods and were staged on the ancient plains of Olympia, famous for its magnificent temples of the gods Zeus and Hera. Take the Rediff Business Quiz and find out what role the corporates play in the ..."
An Arab-Israeli television producer for CNN was abducted at gunpoint by a group of Palestinians yesterday after being pulled from a network van in Gaza City.
"To see a hurricane grow on Earth, one's best view is from orbit. But on the windiest planet in the solar system, Saturnian clouds can gather to sizes greater than our tiny blue planet..."
"The push by the head of the US tax agency for quick completion of audits of big corporations - a move criticized by many longtime agency auditors - has led to a sharp drop in the discovery of tax cheating at the 11,000 largest businesses, according to new "
Jason Campbell hits Courtney Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1:14 to play and No. 14 Auburn gets two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No. 5 LSU on Saturday.
"Tracking inventory using inexpensive radio tags is one of the hottest technologies in supply chain management, with promising applications in retail and many other sectors."
"Reuters - Chechens elect a new\president Sunday, but few expect peace to follow from a\Kremlin-sponsored contest overshadowed by fighting and twin\plane crashes some have linked to rebels in the region."
"With Quincy Carter filling in for the injured Chad Pennington, the Jets #39; season is far from over. Just listen to the TV football experts."
AFP - Sri Lanka extended their lead to 164 runs against Pakistan on the back of an unbeaten half century by Sanath Jayasuriya on the third day of the first Test at Iqbal stadium here.
"(GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands) - It appears Hurricane Ivan is turning toward the northwest -- with its wake, death and destruction."
"The low-intensity civil war fought by extremists on the left and right - known as the  quot;years of lead quot; -as marked by waves of bombings, assassinations and kidnappings that included the 1978 murder of former prime minister Aldo Moro."
"Web services software vendors AmberPoint and Systinet are now selling an integrated suite of software for service-oriented architectures, featuring products from both companies."
"WASHINGTON - US retail sales over the Internet rose 0.9 percent in the second quarter of 2004 and gained 23.1 percent compared with the same period last year as consumers continued to turn to e-commerce to make purchases, a government report showed on "
"Crystal Palace boss Iain Dowie refused to blame striker Andy Johnson after his penalty miss in the defeat to Charlton.  quot;I wouldn #39;t blame Andy Johnson as he has been fantastic like he has been all season, quot; said "
Opponents of importing prescription drugs from Canada are introducing a new argument to the debate with studies that say it would wipe out thousands of jobs in states like Massachusetts that depend on pharmaceutical and biotechnology research.
The Cassini spacecraft now orbiting Saturn takes a wide-angle view of the ringed planet's extended moon system.     Astrobiology Magazine -- A stately Saturn poses for a portrait with five of its moons in this Cassini spacecraft wide angle camera view...
"The Detroit Lions reached a six-year deal with Shaun Rogers yesterday, making him the highest-paid defensive tackle in the NFL, his agent said. Kennard McGuire would not reveal terms of the contract, but ESPN.com reported the deal was worth \$46 million and included a \$15 million signing bonus. Rogers, 25, was selected to the Pro Bowl this year and was ..."
"Shoppers Venturing into the new supersize Sears Grand concept store in Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., off the old Route 66, can be forgiven for double-checking the name on the faade."
Sonic's latest version of its DVD burning software improves on its predecessor but still trails the latest offerings from Ahead Software and Roxio.
"ATHENS - The US might have found its shooting touch in time to retain gold in Olympic basketball, but American attempts at diplomacy continue to miss badly."
"30 August 2004 -- Oil exports from southern Iraq have completely ceased following a series of pipeline attacks by saboteurs. Two senior officials from the South Oil Company, speaking on condition of anonymity "
The Taiwan capital of Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available to as many as 2.6 million of its residents by the end of next year.
Unseeded Brazilian Ricardo Mello captured his first ATP Tour title when overcoming top seed Vincent Spadea in straight sets to win the Millennium International at Delray Beach in Florida.
"America Online will have a desktop search capability in a new browser the company is now beta-testing, an AOL spokesperson says. The spokeswoman declined to provide more details about the desktop searching "
"AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says President Bush was wrong when he suggested that victory against terrorism might be impossible, declaring that he has a plan to defeat those who threaten the United States."
Comedienne Shabana Rehman's Pakistani roots and Norwegian lifestyle make a provocative comic brew
Check out those electromagnetic dampers! A user's guide to the five coolest bridges on earth. By David Goldenberg from Wired magazine.
"A Basque nationalist party banned by Spain as ETA #39;s political wing unveiled a plan to end the long-running conflict in the region on Sunday, saying it wanted to launch a peace process."
"Novell said today that its new Open Enterprise Server product will ship in February 2005, about two months later than the company had announced in March."
"AP - Consumer prices calmed down in November, helped by smaller increases in energy and food. That means the Federal Reserve probably will continue raising interest rates only gradually to keep inflation under control."
"AP - Having all but lost the political battle, Jewish settlers said Tuesday they are still confident they can block an Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip with faith and defiance."
"LCOS technology sandwiches a layer of liquid crystal between a cover glass and a highly reflective, mirror-like surface patterned with pixels that sits on top of a silicon chip. These layers form a microdisplay that can be used in projection displays such ..."
"Microsoft Corp. next month will release Virtual Server 2005, its first foray into server virtualization and a key element of the broad management platform the company is creating for Windows."
"DURBAN - Businessman Schabir Shaik has acknowledged he bankrolled Deputy President Jacob Zuma, claiming that he did so to enable Zuma to stay in politics."
"Nothing makes New Yorkers pant like a luxury apartment, so when the city announced a few months ago that it would auction off seven high-end condos, a crowd was expected."
"Appliance maker Whirlpool Corp. (WHR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said quarterly profit was about flat as it was pressured by higher raw material and oil costs."
"British singer Yusuf Islam, formerly known as Cat Stevens, says he is 'shocked' at being refused entry to the US."
"ith time running out and its future on the line, the US Airways Group will look to the leaders of the pilots #39; union to do tomorrow what the union #39;s negotiators refused to do over the weekend "
"AFP - US President George W. Bush has urged Northern Ireland's leaders to accept an Anglo-Irish proposal aimed at ending political deadlock between Protestants and Roman Catholics, the White House said."
"If Thursday was supposed to sort out a favorite for the Heisman Trophy, Jason White and Matt Leinart both can take heart. Each won separate national player of the year honors, two highlights "
The Indonesian government yesterday opened the retrial of an Indonesian cleric who is charged with leading an al-Qaida-linked group and inciting its members to carry out terrorist attacks against US interests.
The US House of Representatives Tuesday passed by voice vote a bill that would boost prison time for scammers who register Web sites under false pretenses.
"Another week in the NFL and, as has been the case lately, another week of quarterback roulette. As anticipated, three-year veteran Chad Hutchinson will start Sunday for the Chicago Bears "
The government is considering making commitments to buy a certain number of flu shots each year to help bolster supplies and avoid severe shortages like the current one.
Thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of Microsoft's long-awaited Xbox game sequel.
AFP - Outraged Democrats called for the resignation of senior Republican lawmaker Tom DeLay for a  quot;disturbing pattern of corruption quot; following his censure by a House ethics panel.
"NEW YORK - Attention, ladies: If that guy hitting on you just won't quit until you surrender your e-mail address, feel free to call upon Paper Napkin."
Reuters - Oil major Royal Dutch/Shell\Group said it was merging its Dutch and British holding\companies as it seeks to address failings that led to a shock\downgrade in proven oil reserves.
PC World - Images posted in news groups may install remote control software on vulnerable PCs.
"Solectron Corp., which manufactures electronics sold under other brands, reported a narrowed loss for its latest quarter as margins and revenue both improved from last year."
"InfoWorld - Fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the Java platform, Sun Microsystems officials on Thursday revealed some details of the next release of Java, code-named  #8220;Mustang #8221; and expected in Spring 2006."
"Wholesale prices in the United States jumped 1.7 percent in October as a result of sharply higherenergy and food costs, the Labor Department reported on Tuesday."
"NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Big gains in technology stocks helped the Nasdaq close Monday just shy of its high for the year, but the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished in the red after a spate of brokerage downgrades."
"Lloyds TSB is moving another 1,000 jobs to India, increasing its workforce in Bangalore and Mumbai to 2,500 by the end of next year."
A proposal to build the world's largest offshore wind power plant in Nantucket Sound is pitting environmentalists against opponents who foresee it as a blight.
"Irving, TX (Sports Network) - Detroit Lions rookie wide receiver Roy Williams was inactive for Sunday #39;s game against the Dallas Cowboys."
Roscoe Parrish looked like he had sealed the game once already with a dazzling 62-yard punt return for a touchdown. But when No. 10 Virginia rallied on Saturday and the Miami Hurricanes 
"Anger, hope, and sadness pervaded at Boston-area Catholic churches yesterday, where parishioners staged more sit-ins at closing churches, prayed to "
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell again on Tuesday on  signs that high energy costs are slowing the economic growth  that has fueled this year's sharp increase in world oil  consumption.
" PALE, Bosnia (Reuters) - NATO peacekeepers once patrolled  this Bosnian Serb rebel stronghold in armored personnel  carriers, but the town is now so calm an EU force taking over  on Thursday could monitor it from the bar."
"An Islamic cleric arrested in Pakistan for suspected al-Qaeda links dies in custody, officials say."
AP - Joe Cannon made two key saves on shots by former teammate Landon Donovan to help the Colorado Rapids tie the San Jose Earthquakes 0-0 Saturday night.
Chinese scientists unearth the earliest known relative of the mighty &lt;I&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/I&gt; - and it seems it was covered in fluffy feathers.
"All the Bowl Championship Series hopefuls out there should take heart from some scores over the weekend: Fresno State, 45-21, over Kansas State; Boise State, 53-34, over Oregon State; and Utah, 23-6, over Arizona. None of the wins was a fluke. Fresno State has wins over Washington and Kansas State in consecutive weeks. Boise State has the longest winning streak ..."
"Dr Joseph Hartvigsen (L) of Ceramatex, Inc, holds a fuel cell during a news conference Nov. 29 at Ceramatex Advanced Materials  amp; Electrochemical Technologies in Salt Lake City."
"Reuters - Scientists in California on Friday\began examining for the first time samples of solar wind\particles collected by the spacecraft Genesis, which crashed\earlier this month in the Utah desert when its parachutes\failed to open on landing."
"Reuters - Former hockey powerhouses Pakistan and India notched up their first wins of the Athens Olympics on Tuesday, charming crowds with their trademark running games."
MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian surfwear company Billabong International Ltd. (BBG.AU) said Monday it will need to consider more acquisitions as part of an effort to bolster the range of products it sells.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were knocked lower on Wednesday  after a U.S. government review questioned home finance company  Fannie Mae's &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; accounting methods, while  investment bank  Morgan Stanley &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MWD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MWD.N&lt;/A&gt; reported a drop in quarterly profit."
Thursday was a relatively good day for US cyclist Tyler Hamilton. I say  quot;relatively quot; because Hamilton was informed by the International Olympic Committee that he will be allowed to keep the gold medal he won last month.
"Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an  quot;historic quot; vote in the Knesset Tuesday evening for his disengagement plan, but the uprooting of Jewish communities in Gaza is still far from a done deal after Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu immediately led a "
"And, for the time being at least, the NHLPA #39;s executive director succeeded in cementing what appeared to be cracks in his membership #39;s resolve to battle NHL owners over a salary cap."
Cedric Benson runs for 165 yards and a touchdown Friday to lead No. 6 Texas to a 26-13 win over No. 22 Texas A M that could further complicate the BCS picture.
AP - Ukraine's political rivals agreed early Tuesday on legislation to ensure a fair vote during the rerun later this month of the fraud-ridden presidential runoff but remained divided on constitutional amendments trimming presidential powers.
"Feedster Offers RSS Feed Finder\\Feedster is now offering an RSS feed finder, at http://www.feedster.com/feedfinder.php . This search is in beta, but allows you do search a database of over 900,000 RSS feeds (Feedster claims an index of 972,046 feeds at this point) by entering keyword, description, owner's name, etc.\\A search ..."
"WOBURN, England (PA) -- And so there were two. After the second round Friday, Padraig Harrington and David Howell are the only members of the European Ryder Cup team left in the Heritage Tournament at Woburn."
"BULAWAYO, Zimbabwe (AFP) - England captain Michael Vaughan and Geraint Jones put in a superb 150 partnership on their way to setting Zimbabwe a 262 target to avoid a 4-0 series whitewash."
"The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 29,000 between August and October to 1.39 million, the latest official figures have shown."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Orders for U.S. durable goods fell  unexpectedly in August but beat forecasts once transportation  equipment was stripped out, government data showed on Friday in  evidence the economy is again pumping strongly."
"Steve Jobs, Bono and the Edge Tuesday ushered in what Apple #39;s CEO and the two members of U2 called a new era of digital music."
"Nick Dougherty was once a Walker Cup star and, on leaving the unpaid ranks, proved a very promising young professional. Now the Ryder Cup beckons, and why not, given that he shared the Walker Cup experience with Luke Donald?"
"It will soon be riskier than ever to write a check if you don #39;t have money in the bank to cover it. Under a law that goes into effect Oct. 28, banks that get checks will be allowed "
Talks on where to build the world #39;s first nuclear fusion reactor ended without a deal on Tuesday but the European Union said Japan and the United States no longer firmly opposed its bid to put the plant in France.
"OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham should have the strength to sack a Labor candidate for comments by his state MP wife that Liberals were to blame for the Bali bombing, Prime Minister John Howard said today."
" ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home improvement retailing leader Home  Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday reported a 15 percent rise in  third-quarter profit, topping estimates, aided by sales in its  installed and professional businesses."
Reuters - Barry Bonds went 3-for-3 with a walk\but failed to hit his 700th career home run Thursday as the San\Francisco Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-0 in National\League play at Miller Park.
"India News, SRINAGAR, India - The main separatist alliance in Indian Kashmir insisted on Thursday on holding talks with Pakistan before reviving a dialogue with New Delhi, a demand Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said was not acceptable."
SBC Communications plans to announce that it will pay \$400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines.
"Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Conservative Leader Stephen Harper says he did not check with his caucus, nor did he have to, before suggesting ways to change how country is run."
"The United Kingdom #39;s Advertising Standards Authority, a self-regulating agency for the advertising industry, upheld complaints alleging that a Microsoft Corp."
The leaders of India and Pakistan head to the US this week for talks with each other and with President Bush.
ENGLAND #39;S troubled build-up to their Wales showdown continued yesterday with Steven Gerrard #39;s injury diagnosis and fresh uncertainty over Sven-Goran Eriksson #39;s position.
Sharman Networks #39; legal representative today revealed an e-mail stating that one of the witnesses for the Universal Music Australia parties had previously withdrawn an offer to be Sharman #39;s expert witness in the ongoing civil trial against the peer to 
"October 19, 2004 -- The Queens man who allegedly kidnapped and raped his wife after a bloody confrontation at a Queens hospital last month was apparently oblivious to the trouble he was in when cops questioned him, court documents reveal."
"15 Sep 2004, 16:01 GMT - Borland Software took a new direction this week, with the announcement of Software Delivery Optimization (SDO)."
"Oil prices fell again Thursday as worries over supply disruptions eased. New York light sweet crude ended the day just over \$43, and OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said the cartel hoped "
"Reuters - Hypnosis can relieve suffering\and improve the quality of life of cancer patients, researchers\said on Thursday."
"Vodafone, the world #39;s largest mobile phone company, today gave shareholders an early Christmas present by doubling its half-year dividend to 1.91p and extending a share buy-back programme."
"Intel released its Extreme Edition Pentium 4 processor on Monday, a new platform that the chip-maker says is especially designed for people who like to push their PCs to the limit."
"She sees Xerox becoming more of an information-services firm. Observers are skeptical, but Mulcahy says she #39;ll buy consultancies if necessary."
"San Francisco--At the closing session of the Web 2.0 Conference, Yahoo cofounder and Chief Yahoo Jerry Yang assessed the famous Web portal #39;s first decade."
"THE HAGUE -- A letter left on the body of a Dutch filmmaker killed in Amsterdam contained death threats against a politician and was signed by a suspected terrorist group, the justice minister said yesterday, as police pressed an investigation into radical Islamic groups."
"Nov. 4, 2004 -- Scientists from the University of Pennsylvania have successfully grown stem cells that make sperm, which could eventually lead to new treatments for male infertility."
" UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - President Bush's ambassador to  the United Nations defended the world body on Wednesday, after  California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said the United States,  not the U.N., was best for democracy."
"AP - In a way, the Washington Redskins didn't fight fair in their final exhibition game. They blitzed both cornerbacks on the first play and showed other blitzes and formations usually reserved for the regular season."
"Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning last night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins at Minneapolis."
Northeast Iowa farmers have said for years it was only a matter of time before soybean rust was found in the United States. Time #39;s up.
Tips to squeeze every last minute of power out of your notebook's battery.
NEW DELHI (AFP) - President Vladimir Putin has been given a thumbs-down from India #39;s media after failing to back veto rights for any new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
"A member of the British Parliament, George Galloway, won a libel suit today against The Daily Telegraph of London, which dubbed him  quot;Saddam #39;s Little Helper "
" HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - At least seven supporters of  the ousted governor of Herat in western Afghanistan were killed  Sunday and 20 wounded in clashes with police and U.S. troops  after mobs burned U.N. offices, doctors said."
"A joint French, American and British anti-narcotics operation intercepted four smugglers with 880 pounds of cocaine off the coast of Colombia this week, France's Defense Ministry said Friday."
"The O #39;Reilly family, owners of the Independent and Independent on Sunday, rarely give press interviews. A solution to the sales decline at their UK newspapers has been equally elusive over the past decade, but "
"To help bolster its presence in Europe, the proponent of a North American cell phone standard goes on a shopping spree."
"It's called the US Open, and though fewer than a fifth of the competitors this year are US-born, it's not because the US Tennis Association hasn't tried to get more Americans. All 16 of the wild cards in men's and women's singles were awarded to Americans, even at the expense of the men's NCAA champion, Benjamin Becker ..."
"Federal trade officials Tuesday announced final tariffs on shrimp from China and Vietnam, affirming US shrimpers #39; claims that exporters in those countries have dumped their product in the United States at artificially low prices."
"Paradorn Srichaphan was pumped. At the end of an exhausting, three-set match against Joachim Johansson, Srichaphan had enough energy left for a series of arm pumps and a few shouts of joy."
"LAUNCHED in a fizz last summer C2, Coca-Colas low-carb, low-calorie beverage, was supposed to usher in a new era of soft drinks and hard profits at the Atlanta-based soft-drinks giant."
" ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan successfully test-fired  Tuesday an intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of  carrying nuclear warheads as parts of its efforts to boost its  defenses, a military statement said."
"Reuters, CNN, CBS news, and the Washington Post are reporting that the FBI is investigating a possible Israeli spy in the Pentagon.  The suspected individual is described as a mid-level Pentagon analyst ""specialized in Iranian affairs.""  The analyst is suspected of passing classified documents to Israel via the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), a powerful pro-Israel lobby in Washington.   According to CBS news, the analyst had ties  #8220;to Rumsfeld's deputy Paul Wolfowitz and Defense Undersecretary Douglas Feith, both regarded as leading architects of the war on Iraq. #8221; However, another government official claims the suspect is ""not in a level to influence policy."""
"Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    ------    Average Cost of U.S. Nursing Home is \$70K Annually: Survey      The average cost of a private room in a nursing home in the United States is \$70,080 a year, or \$192 a day, according to a survey released Monday by the MetLife Mature Market Institute..."
"New York, NY (Sports Network) - Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the NFL #39;s reinstatement offer."
New versions of CaliberRM and StarTeam are intended to ease communication between developers and businesspeople.
AP - An explosion rocked the mayor's office in the southwestern French city of Bordeaux early Thursday. No one was injured.
"Reuters - Rescuers across Japan were searching\Thursday for 40 people missing after a powerful typhoon raked\the country with heavy rains and high winds, killing at least\30 in floods and landslides."
"The US Treasury Department #39;s under secretary for domestic finance, Brian Roseboro, will resign resign effective Dec. 31, the department said on Monday."
"The world #39;s largest phone maker, Nokia, recently announced several new advances in it #39;s phone line including 3 new camera phones, memory boosts for many phones and handwriting recognition on one of it #39;s smartphones."
"ISLAMABAD, Nov 9: The United States on Tuesday assured Pakistan of continuity and expansion of bilateral ties in all spheres, particularly economic and security matters."
Jason Campbell threw a 16-yard scoring pass to Courtney Taylor with 1:14 to play and No. 14 Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point in a 10-9 victory over No.
Some California officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401(k) plan instead.
"As it moves ahead with a variety of initiatives, investors may want to be cautious about the search specialist."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants piled more pressure on  Washington's military allies in Iraq on Thursday, seizing a  Polish woman and holding a Japanese man under death threat."
"VIENNA, Austria - A 35-nation meeting of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency on Saturday demanded that Iran suspend all aspects of uranium enrichment, setting an indirect November deadline for Tehran to heed its conditions..."
"Research In Motion Ltd. RIM.TO is seeing rising demand for its BlackBerry wireless e-mail device in Europe and expects Asia to be its next major market, the company #39;s chief financial officer said on Monday."
SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian ear implant maker Cochlear Ltd. (COH.AU) said Monday it has moved quickly to lift production to meet increased demand from doctors following 
"AP - With poker's popularity growing because of televised tournaments, retailers are betting that playing cards and chips will be among the must-have items during the holiday shopping season."
"Red Monk #39;s Steve O #39;Grady told LinuxInsider that SCO #39;s decision shows a lack of understanding of what drives Groklaw.  quot;The value of Groklaw is the community itself, with people attending "
"US regulators asked automotive giants General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. for information on how they account for pension and health care plans, the companies said on Tuesday."
"(Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Nov. 1, 2004 - US Embassy officials are confirming that an American is among four foreigners abducted during a bloody assault at their office in Baghdad."
"Reuters - International squads of beer\drinkers, leather-clad Bavarians and devotees of excess young\and old converged in Munich on Saturday for the start of the\planet's biggest beer festival, the Oktoberfest."
"STOCKHOLM (Dow Jones)--Expectations for Telefon AB LM Ericsson #39;s (ERICY) third-quarter performance imply that while sales of mobile telephony equipment are expected to have dipped, the company "
"AP - A fund-raising e-mail from a Democratic congressional candidate contained a hidden expletive directed at his opponent, a newspaper reported Saturday."
"Two of the league #39;s most disappointing teams put on quite a show in prime time. And after all the wild plays and big offensive numbers Monday night, a phantom penalty, followed "
"&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Wireless networking for your Zire 72, Tungsten T3 or T5"
A feared assassination attempt on Serbia #39;s President Boris Tadic was actually a case of  quot;road rage quot; the interior minister has said.
"Omar Minaya officially locked up Kris Benson for the next three seasons on Monday, but the Mets general manager couldn #39;t say for certain whether Al Leiter would join him in the rotation in 2005."
"Beijing, China (Sports Network) - American Taylor Dent was one of only two winners on a rainy Tuesday at the inaugural \$500,000 China Open."
"The history-making spacecraft designed by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan will blast off Monday morning from a small airport in Mojave, California, in a bid for \$10 million."
"ENGLISH cricket chief David Morgan yesterday provided a staunch defence of the one-day teams short tour of Zimbabwe, but insisted the players will not be politicised during their stay."
A bomb threat forces the evacuation of a Madrid soccer stadium on Sunday night during a game between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad.
* Guerrero beaned: Vladimir Guerrero left the Angels game against the Mariners in the first inning after being hit on the left side of the head by a pitch from Ryan Franklin.
NEW YORK - Oil prices fell for the fifth day in a row on Thursday after word of a peace deal in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf raised hopes of more reliable oil shipments from the energy-rich country and encouraged a run of profit-taking by big money 
"Shares of food makers were mixed in Monday trading after Campbell Soup Co., the world #39;s largest soupmaker, said its first-quarter profit grew 9 percent on stronger sales of its popular condensed soups."
"President Bush defended his economic record and his decision to invade Iraq, while John Kerry said that Mr. Bush lacked the record to justify re-election."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar struggled near recent lows on  Thursday after soft U.S. manufacturing data failed to dispel  concerns that the U.S. economy may be running out of steam.
"AP - Betty Lennox had another huge night, scoring 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first WNBA title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun on Tuesday night."
"If Y2K is remembered for getting companies to buy new hardware and upgrade old software, the latest driver of change, Sarbanes-Oxley, will be remembered for democratizing information and making accountability a companywide responsibility. Its reporting requirements make it mandatory that businesses hold everyone's feet to the fire."
"com. Arizona general manager Joe Garagiola Jr. spoke with Sexson #39;s agent, Casey Close, on Monday afternoon and did not read too much into the fact that the veteran filed for free agency."
"With two fruitless negotiating sessions behind them and only one month left before an NHL lockout, the league and the players association will return to the bargaining table on Tuesday."
"WASHINGTON - In a vote with election-year consequences, the House sought to assure that God's 50-year place in the Pledge of Allegiance will be safe from federal court challenges.    The bill, approved on a 247-173 vote Thursday, would prevent federal courts, including the Supreme Court, from ruling on whether the words ""under God"" should be stricken from the pledge..."
"KIBBUTZ TZUBA, Israel - Archaeologists said Monday they have found a cave where they believe John the Baptist anointed many of his disciples - a huge cistern with 28 steps leading to an underground pool of water.    During an exclusive tour of the cave by The Associated Press, archaeologists presented wall carvings they said tell the story of the fiery New Testament preacher, as well as a stone they believe was used for ceremonial foot washing..."
 BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbs went to the polls in local  elections on Sunday in the first test of voter opinion since  they chose pro-Western President Boris Tadic in June.
Anaheim Angels: Center fielder Garret Anderson left the game at Texas because of a sore left knee. The Angels said Anderson irritated the patella tendon near his left knee.
"AP - Defending champion Nicolas Massu was upset by Filippo Volandri 6-3, 3-6, 6-4 Friday in the quarterfinals of the Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia."
"PESHAWAR, Nov 13: The Pakistan army captured the Shinkay area from the Al Qaeda-linked tribal and foreign militants in the Mehsud dominated area of South Waziristan on Saturday, said an army general."
"Vodafone Group Plc, the world #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, expects cost cuts and bulk-order savings to boost earnings by more than a third before 2008, as the company reins in spending from Germany to Albania."
"AP - A senior Congolese official said Tuesday his nation had been invaded by neighboring Rwanda, and U.N. officials said they were investigating claims of Rwandan forces clashing with militias in the east."
Crude oil futures prices fell Tuesday as concerns about reduced output in the North Sea were offset by expectations that an upcoming government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
Company says Arbinet will settle in copyright infringement dispute.   \
"Two former Caracas police chiefs requested asylum at El Salvador's embassy Friday amid investigations into their handling of violent 2002 protests that left 19 people dead, their lawyer said."
"A woman testified before a Pitcairn Island #39;s sex abuse trial that she had been molested as a five year-old. Prosecutors charge that Dave Brown - nicknamed  quot;The Mouth quot; - abused five victims, including the five-year-old and another girl, aged under 13."
Microsoft plans to ship the first release candidate of Service Pack 1 for Windows Server 2003 by year's end and will release a developer's kit for the high-performance computing version of Windows Server next month.
"The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an expanding trade deficit, soaring "
"MELBOURNE: Two dancers and a diva can cut an artistic flourish to the finish of today #39;s Melbourne Cup, but if Irish champion Vinnie Roe starts in the race, the calls of  quot;bravo quot; are more likely to be for him."
"Chad got the best of Champ, turning the Cincinnati Bengals into an unexpected prime-time success. Chad Johnson left cornerback Champ Bailey face-down in his tracks on a 50-yard touchdown catch that got the "
"Fall #39;s first significant flurries dusted much of Colorado overnight Sunday, making Monday a mess for many people along the Front Range."
AP - Dallas receiver Keyshawn Johnson broke his left ankle in the second quarter of the Cowboys' game against the New York Giants on Sunday night.
"APPLE Computer has extended its online iTunes Music Store downloading service to nine more countries, but not Australia. The countries now able to download songs legally via the Apple system are Austria, Belgium "
"A series of powerful earthquakes has killed at least 18 people and injured more than 800 people in northern Japan. The first quake struck on Saturday in Niigata prefecture, 200km north of Tokyo, followed by strong aftershocks."
" BANDA ACEH, Indonesia (Reuters) - Hungry and filthy,  Indonesians queued for water in their thousands on Tuesday as  aid deliveries to tsunami-ravaged Aceh province hit new snags  and cases of disease and infection among survivors emerged."
"Reuters - Michael Eisner plans to step down as\Walt Disney Co.'s chief executive when his contract expires in\September 2006, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday."
"AFP - The biggest typhoon to hit Japan in more than a decade roared over the country's main island, with heavy rain and fierce winds leaving at least 16 people dead and 12 others missing."
"After weeks of intense speculation about the new iMac, Apple (AAPL ) finally pulled back the curtain on the latest iteration of its consumer desktop mainstay at the Apple Expo in Paris."
II #39;m reading everywhere that Sun is making Solaris 10 free and open source ( http://www.rednova.com/news/display/?id=106224). environment.
"America Online will begin offering to sell members a security device and service that has been used to safeguard business computer networks, the world #39;s largest Internet service provider said on Monday."
"Reuters - A decade after the world pledged to\prevent ""dangerous"" global warming, 194 nations meet next week\to review whether rare heatwaves and a fast Arctic thaw may\signal that the planet is nearing the brink."
United States sprinter Jerome Young was banned for life by the US Anti-Doping Agency yesterday following his second positive test for an illegal steroid in a case that could affect a US relay team #39;s gold medal from Sydney.
Computer Associates International shareholders vote down a proposal to recoup money paid to top execs during an accounting scandal.
"AP - In a series of dramatic steps capped Sunday by a high-profile prisoner swap, Israel and Egypt are moving rapidly to improve relations, seizing the opportunity for a Middle East peace deal presented by Yasser Arafat's death."
"The new tool automatically records all on-screen activity on a user's PC, for playback later as an interactive demonstration, among other uses."
" SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - A majestic Carlos Moya tamed  world No. 2 Andy Roddick, 6-2, 7-6, 7-6, Sunday to clinch the  Davis Cup for Spain."
"All in all, there #39;s a lot happening for a team that #39;s been out of the pennant race for three, maybe four months. Seattle missed a chance to deal a body blow to another contender yesterday."
"AFP - Several people were injured in a  quot;big quot; explosion at the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital of Islamabad, a hotel employee told AFP."
"The Sixers coach knows Allen Iverson will log 40-plus minutes at point guard this season, but in his mind, he #39;s got plenty of players who can ably play the shooting guard or small forward positions."
John Kerry said today that because of poor administration planning the war had cost taxpayers \$200 billion.
"News Corp. #39;s new poison pill is type of measure its shareholders feared it would adopt. By John Paul Rathbone, Breakingviews. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Rupert Murdoch clearly feels spooked by John Malone, the "
"China #39;s leaders pledged at a key policy meeting to keep the economy on track next year while raising farm incomes, promoting energy conservation and holding down investment in overheated industries, state media said Monday."
"JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier this month, amid growing friction with the United States over continued settlement expansion.    The planned construction violates the internationally backed ""road map"" plan, accepted by Israel, which calls for a construction freeze..."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Tiago Pariz&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Brazil's biggest party votedto leave the governing coalition on Sunday in a move that couldcomplicate President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's reform agendaand pressure him to give the centrist party extra governmentposts.&lt;/p&gt;"
The Nikkei average fell 0.69 percent by mid-morning on Monday as caution about the dollar #39;s weakness and the US presidential election prompted selling of exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
"Orbitz Inc., the Internet travel agency that is being bought by Cendant Corp., Wednesday posted a 30 percent jump in third-quarter profit, aided by a surge in hotel business."
The Takeovers Panel said today that Brundwo Pty Limited has offered two undertakings relating to its proposed A\$1.2 billion bid for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group Limited (ALH).
"The dizzying array of file formats and anti-piracy options will hobble the burgeoning digital music business, says one of the developers behind the format that sparked the download revolution."
"Rival trans-Tasman airlines Air New Zealand and Qantas have far from abandoned their dreams of an alliance, despite it failing to clear yet another hurdle."
"AFP - Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon held talks with Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh on the first day of his two-day visit to New Delhi, an Indian official said."
North Korea says there will be no more bilateral talks with South Korea unless the South #39;s secret nuclear experiments are thoroughly investigated.
Members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) agreed on Sunday to start implementing a planned free trade area (FTA) with economic powerhouse India in January next year.
"Two Hamas militants were killed when an explosion ripped through their vehicle in Gaza City on Monday in an Israeli air strike, the second in as many days."
"Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei pledged Saturday that presidential elections would be held within 60 days to replace late leader Yasser Arafat, while the Palestinian "
AP - Notre Dame's Plan 'A' appears to be heading to Florida.
"WASHINGTON - President Bush says his economic policies, including billions of dollars in tax cuts, are helping to create new jobs. But not the millions he promised..."
Help desk technician pleads guilty to \$50m scam
"In a deal that could give a boost to local search marketing, search engine giant Google said yesterday it acquired Keyhole Corp., which sells online satellite maps."
"Life, and how it functions, is at the center of Dr. Gnter Blobel's research."
"Kevin Millar, at the center of a scrum of New York media types seeking some back-page material for the weekend Red Sox-Yankees series, insisted before last night's first pitch that his team's focus had not strayed ahead to the pinstripers."
"SAN FRANCISCO - Citing lower than expected product sales, Intel Corp. on Thursday lowered its revenue expectations for the third quarter of its 2004 fiscal year, which ends on Sept. 25."
" JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African authorities arrested  one person Thursday in an investigation into contraventions of  laws on weapons of mass destruction and nuclear energy, the  government said."
"Arsenal reserve goalkeeper Graham Stack was charged Wednesday with raping a 21-year-old woman at his home in London. The offence was alleged to have taken place in Beckenham, southeast London, on Sept."
"AP - With drums pounding and a brass band playing, Andy Roddick and his U.S. teammates were reduced to silence Friday in the Davis Cup final."
The Iraqi foreign minister said today that the interim Iraqi government planned to meet soon in Jordan with leaders of the insurgency to try to persuade them to take part in legitimate politics here.
" BELGRADE (Reuters) - The handover of a Bosnian Serb war  crimes suspect to The Hague at the weekend was a deliberate  cooperation test for Serbia arranged by U.N. chief prosecutor  Carla del Ponte, Belgrade radio reported on Monday."
Reuters - The chief spokesman for rebel Iraqi\cleric Moqtada al-Sadr said on Wednesday no deal had been\agreed with Iraq's government to end fighting in Baghdad's\Shi'ite slum district of Sadr City.
" SEOUL (Reuters) - A global oversupply of large-sized liquid  crystal displays (LCDs) is forecast to peak in the third  quarter of this year, but it will balance out by the fourth  quarter, a U.S.-based research firm said on Friday."
"Sriharikota, Sept 20 (ANI) : India added another feather to its cap in space technology and stole a march over other countries by launching EDUSAT, its first exclusive satellite for educational sector, from here on Monday."
Reuters - The lawyers appointed to defend\Slobodan Milosevic in his war crimes trial said on Tuesday\their relationship with the defendant had been irreparably\damaged and renewed their plea to be allowed to withdraw from\the case.
Hurricane Frances ripped hundreds of panels from NASA #39;s huge space shuttle assembly hangar and officials feared Monday that another powerful tropical storm heading toward Florida could slow down the return of manned space flights.
BAGHDAD -- These days the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq is talking less and less about Islam and not at all about revolution.
AFP - Four Eritreans among a group being forcibly returned home from Libya hijacked their aircraft and forced it to land in Khartoum amid warnings from a human rights watchdog that Eritrean deportees face imprisonment or even torture.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The NASD on Monday censured Citigroup  Global Markets Inc. and fined it \$250,000 for distributing  misleading sales material on hedge funds, the latest regulatory  mishap for the world's largest financial services company."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer on Thursday sued insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, charging they engaged in market manipulation."
"Amid questions about whether the drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, Senator Charles Grassley called for more safety precautions."
SINGAPOREChina #39;s plan to buy Canadian mining giant Noranda Inc. is just the beginning of an overseas acquisition march fuelled by swollen foreign exchange reserves and a need to secure natural resources.
"Cells critical to sperm development have been grown in the lab and used to father baby mice, US researchers say. They said the development could lead to easier ways to genetically manipulate animals, and said "
Software startup hopes there's big money in little improvements to Microsoft products.
"AP - Memphis will accept an invitation to play in the GMAC Bowl in Mobile, Ala., on Dec. 22."
"ABUJA, 13 December (IRIN) - Continuing violence in Darfur is derailing efforts to find a political roadmap out of a crisis that has pitted the Sudanese government against rebel groups for almost two years, delegates at AU-sponsored talks said on Monday."
"AP - Howard Dean, with an eye on leading the Democratic Party in the wake of widespread election losses, said Wednesday that Democrats must campaign on their convictions and not give into the temptation to behave like Republicans."
Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie marked the anniversary of a Palestinian uprising against Israel on Tuesday by calling on both sides to rethink tactics that have brought four years of bloodshed.
"AP - U.S. special forces accused of abusing prisoners in Iraq threatened Defense Intelligence Agency personnel who saw the mistreatment, according to U.S. government memos released Tuesday by the American Civil Liberties Union."
"With the Incredibles atop the movie charts, superheroes are flying higher than ever. Now one expert says some superpowers are not exactly far-fetched."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Mary Milliken&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) - Bombs exploded at threebanks in the Argentine capital on Wednesday, including twobranches of U.S. giant Citibank, killing one security guard andinjuring a bomb squad officer, officials said.&lt;/p&gt;"
"PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more large software license transactions than in the previous quarter."
All the action as Great Britain #39;s Amir Khan takes on Cuban Mario Kindelan in the Olympic lightweight final. (1241 BST). 1200 BST: Anticipation builds as 17-year-old Amir Khan from Bolton bids to become the 
"Check on the valuation of a badly wounded stock, based on latest earnings."
"Louisiana-Pacific Corp. named executive vice president Richard W. Frost the lumber company #39;s next chief executive, company officials announced Tuesday. "
"Judge Juan Guzman yesterday indicted former General Augusto Pinochet for his involvement in the Condor operation, while he had Chile under military rule between 1973 and 1990."
"Recreational anglers may be responsible for landing nearly 25 percent of over-fished salt water species caught off US coasts, a study released Thursday suggests."
IMlogic Inc. on Tuesday announced plans to use honey pots to track malicious virus activity on instant messaging and peer-to-peer networks.
"AP - Ukrainian prosecutors reopened their investigation into allegations Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned after doctors treating the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin, as Yushchenko returned home Sunday to campaign for this month's presidential runoff vote."
"French President Jacques Chirac, on a state visit to China, launch the  quot;Year of France in China quot; yesterday in Beijing. He arrived in China from Singapore where he stopped over on his trip, dubbed his continuing  quot;30-year liaison with Asia."
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
"AFP - Myanmar's detained democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has had her period of house arrest extended by another year, her opposition party and officials said."
"BT Group, the privatised former British telecoms monopoly, has sold its entire holding in the French satellite operator Eutelsat for 363m."
"AP - Gerald Williams singled twice in a six-run first inning and the New York Mets broke out of their offensive funk in a big way, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers 9-2 Friday night to end a five-game losing streak."
Kenya's Human Rights Commission criticises conditions at Meru jail where seven prisoners have died.
"November 08, 2004 - AnandTech have slapped up a great feature and review on ATI #39;s new chipset for AMD processors, which seems to give Nvidia a run for their money."
Pakistan today continued the trend for one-sided matches in the opening week of the ICC Champions Trophy by completing an emphatic victory over Kenya between the showers at Edgbaston.
"The San Francisco Giants outfielder is the 2004 Most Valuable Player in the National League, an award he has now won four years in a row and seven times overall."
"This holiday the hottest new products for kids have one thing in common: They all interact with the tube, whether by means of sensors, radio-wave technology or the regular old TV remote control."
"Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - The United States and Spain will play their 2004 Davis Cup final on a clay court at Olympic Stadium in Seville, from December 3-5."
"Lindsey Kildow of Vail, Colo., won her first World Cup skiing event yesterday, taking the season #39;s first downhill in 1 minute, 23.44 seconds."
"WASHINGTON (AFP) - Revenge is on the mind of the Green Bay Packers as they enter a pivotal National Football League game Sunday at Philadelphia, where the Eagles made an amazing rally to oust them in last season #39;s playoffs."
"The Harvard women's hockey team faced the question every top team in the nation will try to answer this season: How to stop Minnesota's quick-shooting, sharp-skating top line."
AFP - Australian authorities have cancelled the passports of three Sydney men who allegedly underwent guerrilla training with a radical Islamic group linked to Al-Qaeda.
"ANAHEIM, Calif. - Adam Kennedy and Garret Anderson each hit a two-run homer, and the Anaheim Angels beat the Minnesota Twins 9-6 Friday night for their ninth straight victory..."
"Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority."
"Runner-up in National League Most Valuable Player voting the last two seasons, Pujols was an obvious choice as MVP of the NL championship series after the St."
"Black sweater or no, some architects find they can channel their idealism into real-world projects."
"China will continue to drive East Asia #39;s growth next year, but the world #39;s fastest-growing region may have reached its peak in expansion, according to the World Bank."
TIMES STILL TOUGH FOR WATERFORD - Waterford Wedgwood has issued interim results for the six months to the end of September. Conditions remain tough for the group.
"New Zealand were clinging on for dear life at 149 for five as play came to a close at the Adelaide Oval on the fourth evening. Their main hope was rain, for the fifth-day forecast "
"3Com Corp. , a smaller rival of telecommunications equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. , on Friday lowered its revenue and gross margin forecasts for its fiscal first quarter, sending its shares down more than 10 percent."
Cosmos Nicolaou said Froogle #39;s UK intro is part of the company #39;s plan to actively pursue overseas expansion.  quot;As Google continues to explore opportunities to bring more of the world #39;s information 
"AFP - With only five days left before the election, Democrat John Kerry tried to fire up voters in the hope a higher turnout will give him the keys to the White House, as President George W. Bush insisted his challenger lacks the mettle of a commander in chief."
"Former chess champion Bobby Fischer announced plans Monday to marry a leading Japanese chess official and appealed to Secretary of State Colin Powell to help him renounce U.S. citizenship, the latest in a series of moves as he seeks to block attempts to deport him to the United States."
"The US fiscal and current account deficits, and low interest rates, are driving the greenback down against other currencies but it is difficult to predict how fast and far it will go, Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge said on "
" MOSCOW (Reuters) - YUKOS' foreign investors accused Russia  on Friday of attempting to steal the oil giant's key unit  Yugansk and threatened to sue after Moscow set a Dec. 19 fire  sale of its assets, sending the stock collapsing by 25 percent."
"Ziff Davis - Revenue for the quarter of  #36;11.2 million, compared with  #36;20.1 million in the year-ago quarter, dropped in part because of dwindling SCOsource licensing revenue #151;but SCO's CEO says the company is ""steadfast on a dual path for success."""
"Baghdad, Nov. 29 (NNN) : Iraqs interim deputy prime minister has said that postponing the forthcoming Iraqi elections would be giving in to terrorism."
Big Blue fills out its Workplace initiative with bundles tailored for medium size-businesses and for specific industries.
ENGINEERS were today tackling a massive computer failure which has caused chaos at the Department for Work and Pensions. Up to 80 per cent of the ministrys systems for processing millions of pension and benefit payments collapsed on Monday.
"SINGAPORE intends to promote Islamic banking products to expand its reputation as a financial hub, and will collaborate with countries such as Malaysia and Brunei in this area."
"Over on Microsoft #39;s Xbox campus today, the  quot;Halo 2 quot; fans chosen to take part in a Backstage Pass event were given some time to speak with the Xbox bigwigs -- Robbie Bach, senior vice president of Microsoft #39;s Home  amp; Entertainment division, J Allard and "
"WHILE Valentino Rossi coasted into his familiar position at the head of the pack for the Australian Motorcycle grand prix today, rival Sete Gibernau warned:  quot;Don #39;t write me off."
Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf called on Monday for debate over the possibility of removing arms and troops from regions of Kashmir as part of efforts to resolve more than 50 years of dispute with India.
AP - Here's some advice from the Capital One Bowl for Iowa fans thinking about reserving flights to Orlando: Book them.
"AP - Honduran children hunting rabbits who were running from a burning sugarcane field were caught in the blaze themselves. Thirteen youngsters were killed, and a man and a 14th child were severely burned."
"Reuters - United Nations inspectors have found\no clear evidence of a nuclear arms program in Iran, according\to an upcoming report by the International Atomic Energy Agency\cited on Wednesday in The Washington Post."
"(CP) - Daniel Nestor and Mark Knowles shook off their past record in Grand Slam finals Friday, winning the men #39;s doubles title at the US Open in style."
"IBM will sell its once vaunted personal computer business to Lenovo Group Ltd., the leading computer maker in China.&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
PRETORIA -- The World Health Organization urged poor countries yesterday to offer deworming pills to pregnant women after a recent study in Nepal showed a 41 percent drop in the deaths of infants of mothers who took the pills before giving birth.
"AP - Former President Clinton dismissed concerns that his decision to campaign for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry seven weeks after undergoing heart surgery is risky, saying, ""I want to do this."" In an interview Sunday with ABC News, Clinton said he talked to his doctors about it and ""they made some very helpful suggestions."""
"AP - Have you ever gone online to get driving directions, only to leave the printout behind? Have you made movie plans, but forgot to jot down the show times? Or do you simply need an easy way to feed phone numbers to your cell phone? A trio of entrepreneurs believe they have a solution."
World champion Michael Schumacher failed to score a goal at Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu (Spain) soccer stadium - recently evacuated after a bomb scare - on Tuesday night.
"The Microsoft Download Centre has been updated with some graphical improvements on both the search, listings and item pages. Crucially in the new look download centre many application downloads are now being "
" JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said  on Friday he was concerned with the continuing rise in global  oil prices, but the cartel had not yet seen a cost-driven  increase in inflation."
Virginia Tech just couldn #39;t seem to get going. There were turnovers. There were botched plays. There were missed opportunities.
LONDON -- Prince Charles tried to put the record straight yesterday about his views on education in a speech that only a handful of Church of England bishops were allowed to hear.
"Reuters - An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a\house in Gaza's Jabalya refugee camp Sunday, killing one\Palestinian and wounding four others, witnesses said."
"Reuters - Starbucks Corp.  on\Wednesday said quarterly net profit rose 47 percent, helped by\sales of new products like Frappuccino Light, aggressive store\expansion, and an extra week."
"Electronic devices are starting to come equipped with a short-range, high-speed wireless radio technology known as ultrawideband."
Pope John Paul II has spoken out against attacks on Iraq #39;s Christian community after the bombing of two churches in the northern city of Mosul.
"Aggressive mergers and acquisitions have been troublesome for many companies, but not L-3 Communications."
"NORTON -- They traded phone calls, father and son, but never made connections Saturday night. Jay Haas, calling from Pebble Beach, Calif., ended up leaving a voice mail message, and Bill Haas still had his father's wisdom playing in his head when he approached the first tee yesterday in Round 3 of the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston. The ..."
"Reuters - Confidence among chief executives in\the U.S. economy slipped for the second straight quarter,\private research firm The Conference Board said on Wednesday."
"Arsene Wenger accepts that his side #39;s dominance in the Premiership creates expectations in Europe, where they have never gone beyond the semi-finals."
"SYDNEY (AFP) - Australia #39;s commodity exports are forecast to increase by 15 percent to a record 95 billion dollars (71 million US), the government #39;s key economic forecaster said."
"President Bush arrives off of Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House after a day of campaigning, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, in Washington."
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho fired a broadside at referee Rob Styles for his decision not to award a penalty when Didier Drogba was brought down under a challenge from Ulises de la Cruz.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar weakened across the board  on Thursday, forging new lows as a deepening sense of gloom  over the U.S. economic and external deficit picture weighed on  sentiment, analysts said."
"CRAWFORD, Texas - It's a classic pre-debate dance, maybe as important as the matchup itself: lower expectations for your candidate's performance and jab the other guy while you're at it. While President Bush and Democrat John Kerry remained secluded half a country apart on Sunday in preparation for their prime-time showdown Thursday, representatives for each side employed their own double-barreled debate strategy..."
"TUCSON, Ariz. Alex Smith passed for two scores 17th-ranked Utah held Arizona without a touchdown in a 23-to-6 victory. The 2-and-0 Utes protected their highest poll position since they finished the 1993 season ranked eighth."
"Virgin has become the latest company to launch an online music download service, but UK music fans will have to wait before they can give it a try."
"Tyler Hamilton (United States) is the Olympic time trial champion. The man from Marblehead, who crashed out of the 2004 Tour de France, rode away his disappointment by drawing away from defending champion Vyatcheslav Ekimov (Russia) in ..."
"The Red Sox will make one roster change for the start of the American League Championship Series, adding a veteran reliever in Ramiro Mendoza who is no stranger to postseason "
Says it needs to save an additional \$725M and also asks for pension relief; strikes loom. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The parent of United Airlines Inc.
"Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said US securities regulators are thinking of recommending enforcement proceedings against the former head of Citigroup Global Investment Management."
"CHINA IS continuing its pogrom on the country #39;s Internet cafes and officially confirmed that it has shut more than 1,600 Internet cafes since February."
"By 1 pm on Sunday, 123 miners were rescued alive after a major gas explosion took place at the Chenjiashan Coalmine, Shaanxi Province, around 7:10 am but another 170 remained trapped underground."
"ATHENS -- In the 2000 Games, the US taekwondo team brought four athletes to Sydney and won one medal, Steve Lopez taking the gold in the 150-pound division."
"The sailing and canoe-kayak events have closed at the Athens Olympics while athletics, wrestling, and basketball will give fans plenty to cheer at the Athens Olympics."
"New Delhi, Aug 25 (VNA) - India and the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) signed on Wednesday a Framework Agreement on Economic Cooperation to boost economic and trading ties as well as to explore the possibility of a free trade area between India and GCC "
"It #39;s often been said that Hong Kong people are interested in money, not politics, but upcoming legislative elections may bury that notion for good as angry residents turn out to send their leaders a message."
AP - Green Bay traded strong safety Marques Anderson to the Oakland Raiders for two 2005 draft picks on Friday.
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Snubbed by its pilots, US Airways Group is scrambling to find cost savings among other union workers to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy, an event industry analysts warn could come as early as this weekend."
"BANGKOK, November 3 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Amid mounting fears of spreading violence across Thailand over the killings of scores of Thai Muslims by security forces, a local Buddhist official was beheaded in what seems a revenge act for the "
SPACE.com - Evidence is mounting that \  the time-weathered red planet was once a warm and water-rich world. And a Mars \  awash with water gives rise to that globe possibly being fit for habitation \  in its past - and perhaps a distant dwelling for life today.
"Firebrand uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has decided to run for Palestinian President from his Israeli jail cell, says an official of his Fatah faction."
A controversial Irish priest who sabotaged the mens Olympic marathon by leaping on the race leader appeared in court today on indecency charges.
AP - The 14-year-old son of NBC Sports chairman Dick Ebersol was presumed dead Monday after a fiery jet crash that killed two crewmen and left the injured executive and another of his sons begging bystanders for help.
"Arsenal set the new English soccer standard Wednesday with a 3-0 win over the Blackburn Rovers at Highbury, eclipsing the old mark of 42 (21 wins, 21 ties) held by Nottingham Forest since 1978."
"American Express #39; reported revenue was \$7.2 billion, up 12 percent from \$6.4 billion in the third quarter of 2003. Shares were up 16 cents at \$51."
"UBS AG, Europe #39;s biggest bank, said third-quarter profit fell 1 percent as gains from managing funds for millionaires cushioned a drop in investment-banking earnings."
"BASEBALL Nomar Garciaparra can become a free agent after the World Series and will consider returning to the Chicago Cubs, his team for the final two months this season.  quot;Do I know what's going to happen, what is going on? That I can't foresee, quot; Garciaparra said before yesterday's season finale against Atlanta, one day after the Cubs were eliminated from ..."
SPACE.com - A pair of miniscule meteorite grains has helped astronomers settle a long-running debate on the origins of space dust belched out by dying stars.
America Online has formally opened up its AIM instant messaging network to bot-makers with the launch of a pay-per-use AIM Bot Program targeting enterprise customers.
"Oil prices will only fall if global conflicts are resolved, the boss of oil prducers #39; organisation Opec has warned. Opec president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said its members were increasing production to meet high "
"AP - Mayor Richard Daley's son, whose name and MBA from one of the nation's most prestigious universities would have opened doors to a lucrative career, has instead joined the Army and could be sent off to the battlefields of Iraq or Afghanistan."
British insurer and fund manager HHG was back in the black at the half-year stage today as it recovered from losses of 902m (1.
"Campaign promises have changed little in the run-up to the presidential election, but the rhetoric has intensified."
Some key technologies will not be included in the deal. Sony and Samsung will not share patented technology related to Sony #39;s Digital Reality Creation (DRC) and PlayStation architecture or to 
Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group opened a court action Monday to try to block a strike targeting oil exports in the world #39;s No.
"Reuters - A British tug on Thursday began towing a\crippled Canadian submarine to safety, a day after a fire\killed one crewman and critically injured another."
" #39;Emlyn started with Liverpool in midfield. As his career went on, he finished up playing centre-half and that was probably when we started to play football from the back and the way Liverpool Football Club moved up a gear."
A TV journalist was shot dead as he made a live broadcast from Baghdad when US helicopters fired on a crowd gathered around the burning wreckage of a US armoured vehicle.
By next Friday we should have a good idea as to whether the NHL will play this year or if we are to see the entire season lost. On Thursday the players association invited the NHL to meet next week for a bargaining session.
OPEC #39;s president said yesterday the United States should tap into its emergency petroleum reserve to help lower oil prices.  quot;We have asked the United States to use their oil reserves 
"US grocery retailer Kroger has reported lower second-quarter net earnings, hit by the early redemption of debt and the continuing after-effects of the labour dispute in Southern California."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks barely budged on Wednesday  as a 2-week high in crude oil prices limited gains by  reigniting worry about energy costs eating into corporate  profits and consumer spending.
" ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Sudan's two Darfur rebel groups  walked out of peace talks in Nigeria for 24 hours Saturday,  saying they needed to mourn 75 civilians killed by Sudanese  government forces and Arab Janjaweed militia in the last three  days."
"The US economy grew more slowly in the second quarter than first thought amid shrinking corporate profits and higher imports, the government said on Friday in a report "
"The Salvadoran Soccer Federation fired national team coach Juan Ramon Paredes following two humiliating defeats in recent World Cup qualifiers, the federation said Saturday."
Global health officials say war-torn Sudan is one of three sub-Saharan African countries reporting new cases of polio. The new polio virus is believed to the same strain registered in a major outbreak in northern Nigeria.
"In Thursday #39;s two NLDS Game 2 matchups, Dodgers starter Jeff Weaver has a tough assignment vs. St. Louis, while the Astros aim to take a commanding series lead over Atlanta with their second Cy Young candidate on the mound in as many days."
"A small number of zombie networks are responsible for all Internet phishing attacks worldwide, according to CipherTrust, the messaging security appliance firm."
" TRIPOLI, Libya (Reuters) - The Sudanese government and  rebel leaders need to be pushed to find a solution to the  bloody conflict in Darfur, African foreign ministers said  Sunday ahead of a summit on the crisis."
"AP - Insurgents battling U.S. and Iraqi forces in the northern city of Mosul have been trying to drag the Kurdish minority into their fight and set off a sectarian war, Kurdish and Arab officials say."
"Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, the Federal Communications Commission disclosed Tuesday."
Intel Corp. is adding to its current Itanium 2 processor line with six new processors that the company says deliver performance increases of 15 percent for database transaction processing and up to 35 percent 
"Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Southern California and Oklahoma will meet for the national championship in the Orange Bowl on January 4 after the schools finished 1-2 in the final BCS standings released Sunday afternoon."
AFP - Chelsea's drive to claim the club's first English title in half a century gathered pace as Newcastle were blown away by four memorable late goals at Stamford Bridge.
"US stock-index futures declined before Alan Greenspan #39;s presentation to Congress, where the Federal Reserve chairman may restate his commitment to a measured #39; #39; increase in borrowing costs."
MOSCOW ConocoPhillips won 7.59 percent of the Russian oil giant Lukoil for \$1.988 billion on Wednesday in a largely symbolic auction that still ranks as the Russian government #39;s most lucrative post-Soviet privatization.
AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair will stay in the hospital Monday night with a bruised sternum and will be listed as questionable on the NFL injury report.
"JERUSALEM - The Israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, voting against a statement defending his Gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks.    The maneuvering came Monday at the opening of the winter session of the Knesset, Israel's parliament, with Sharon heading a government that lost its majority over the Gaza pullout and is vulnerable to being toppled..."
"PARIS On Tuesday, PalmSource, the maker of the Palm operating system for hand-held devices, is scheduled to announce its first operating system designed specifically for smart phones, mobile phones that allow you to not only make voice calls but also use "
"The software works its way into a computer, hijacking the Web browser and causing the CD-ROM tray to slide open mysteriously. WASHINGTON: The US government has sued a New Hampshire man in its first attempt "
 LONDON (Reuters) - The International Olympic Committee will  donate \$1 million to aid victims of the Indian Ocean tsunami.
"AP - Hoping to keep more Internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft Corp. has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses."
"Modern pentathlon was devised by the founder of the modern Games, Baron Pierre de Coubertin, as the ultimate test of the  quot;ideal, complete athlete quot;."
"SFX, one of the top sports representation firms, is in danger of losing agent Arn Tellem and potentially a star-studded NBA and Major League Baseball client list."
A case scheduled for hearing in December focuses on technology for automatically loading software from a disc.
Open Text Corp. shares plunged to their lowest in more than a year yesterday after the business software maker warned that profit in the current quarter will fall short of forecasts and analysts 
Three things all Yankees baseball people were on the same page about at their Tampa meeting with George Steinbrenner: 1) Going for Carlos Beltran.
" JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (Reuters) - South African police  fired rubber pellets at township youths who blocked a highway  and burned tires Monday in a rare protest over poverty and  other grievances."
"The Angels have reached agreement on a two-year contract with former Dodgers outfielder Steve Finley, who provides a more cost-efficient, shorter-term solution to their gap in center field than top free agent Carlos Beltran."
"HBOS questioned yesterday the impartiality of the European Union #39;s competition commissioner, Mario Monti, after he made comments that appeared to be favourable to a bid for Abbey National by the Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano."
"Craig Stadler closed with four straight birdies in a round of 5-under-par 67 to earn a one-shot victory at the Tradition in Aloha, Ore., and claim his second triumph in a major tournament on the Champions Tour."
"Rising interest rates could trigger a house price crash in the UK, the International Monetary Fund warned today. The Washington-based group said the "
The product represents the next stage in the company's strategy to build a full open-source middleware stack.\
"Microsoft will release a low-price version of Windows in Russia by the end of the year, an effort to wean consumers in that country off pirated software and Linux."
"Unionized editorial employees at Hollinger International Inc. #39;s Chicago Sun-Times agreed to a tentative new labor contract on Wednesday, averting a threatened strike, a spokeswoman for the employees said."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Axel Bugge&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - Russian President VladimirPutin pledged on Monday support for Brazil's bid to join anexpanded United Nations Security Council in a boost for theLatin American nation's ambitions to increase its geopoliticalinfluence.&lt;/p&gt;"
"New Delhi, Oct. 3 (PTI): Overnight rains came as a blessing in disguise for Chinese runner Yingjie Sun, who crushed Irish star Sonia O #39;Sullivan #39;s dream of completing a rare triple of world titles by winning "
"Costs of employer-sponsored health plans are expected to climb an average of 8 percent in 2005, the first time in five years increases have been in single digits."
"Swiss drug maker Novartis Pharma AG said Monday that the Food and Drug Administration approved another use for the company #39;s Zelnorm irritable bowel drug, clearing Novartis to market the medicine as a treatment for chronic constipation in male and female "
"AP - President Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba who rose from truck driver to chief executive officer of Kellogg Co., to be secretary of Commerce."
" STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh's  confessed killer sought leniency in a Supreme Court appeal on  Wednesday, with his lawyer arguing he was mentally ill when he  attacked her and should not be jailed for murder."
"Study finds ginseng both promotes, limits blood vessel growth    HealthDayNews -- An international study is the first to explain how ginseng can both promote the growth of blood vessels and also limit blood vessel growth.    These dual effects can be important..."
Moonlighting Hollywood stunt pilots and NASA scientists are teaming up to snatch a returning space capsule in midair over central Utah next month. 
"Reuters - A pilotless U.S. spy plane\crashed near its military base in southern Pakistan on Sunday\but there were no casualties or damage, police said."
"New Delhi, Oct. 1 (PTI): Stung by the BCCI decision to award telecast rights for the India-Australia Test series to Sony TV, Prasar Bharti today said it would challenge the decision in Supreme Court."
"Reuters - A study of a 2003 heatwave in Europe may\give Pacific islanders and environmentalists new ammunition for\legal cases blaming the United States for global warming,\advocates said on Thursday."
"AP - Wailing and pounding their hands on dirt graves, hundreds of people dressed in black on Tuesday marked the end of the traditional 40-day mourning period for the children and adults killed after terrorists seized a school on the first day of classes."
Tomb Raider creator Eidos delays the launch of a new game in the run up to the all-important Christmas trading season.
"With the country in need of cash and rich people dying to show off their wealth, Mr. Stein proposes a unique solution: having the government sell titles of nobility."
"By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Despite evidence that sharing music and movies online remains popular, a report issued Tuesday by a committee of entertainment and university leaders says universities have made strides the past year to curtail online piracy.    The report, submitted to Congress by the Joint Committee of the Higher Education and Entertainment Communities, highlights steps taken by the universities to tackle Internet piracy but offers few details of their effectiveness..."
Anti-terrorist police were granted a further five days yesterday to question four men arrested after a Sunday newspaper claimed they were plotting to detonate a chemical bomb in Britain or the US.
"AP - Peja Stojakovic had 27 points, including six 3-pointers, to help the Sacramento Kings win their fourth straight game, 119-105 over the Boston Celtics Sunday night."
MINNEAPOLIS - Kevin Brown already apologized to the New York Yankees for his foolish injury. This was an even better way to make up for it...
Canada #39;s defense minister has spoken of his pride at the way the crew of a crippled submarine acted after a fire on board the vessel that killed an officer.
roundup Plus: Toshiba tinkers with Wi-Fi for TV...Music promoter offers concert downloads...WS-I tackles Web services attachments.
The United States and China have both taken steps to control an expected flood of cheap Chinese textiles and clothing into the world market after a decades-old quota system expires on January 1.
Barry Bonds will chase the all-time home run record as a San Francisco Giants player after the team dropped its option to void the final year of the slugger #39;s contract in 2006.
"Cambodia #39;s King Norodom Sihanouk announced his abdication while in self-imposed exile in Beijing, plunging the country Thursday into renewed political turmoil."
Spanish giants Real Madrid on Monday played down the seriousness of midfielder David Beckham #39;s rib injury and said that the England skipper could play this weekend.
A war of words flared yesterday when Cuban authorities displayed a giant swastika and pictures of abused Iraqi prisoners in front of the US mission in Havana.
"Inter Milan were held to a goalless draw by Valencia on Wednesday but the result, earned by  quot;an almost perfect performance quot;, was enough to send the Italians through to knockout stage of the Champions League."
"Mike Tyson answers questions following his workout, July 1, 2004, at the Central Boxing Club, in Phoenix. The former heavyweight champion was arrested on suspicion of misdemeanor criminal damage for allegedly "
"CHIBA, JAPAN -- For Kunio Nakamura, president of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., the much-discussed era of the ubiquitous network society, is ""just around the corner."" And with Japan in the vanguard, much of the world that is already networked will be online, anywhere, anytime, for anyone, by 2010, he said Tuesday in a keynote address on the opening day of Ceatec 2004 in Japan."
It might have been NBA Commissioner David Stern taking his chances had he tried to enter the stands at The Palace on Sunday after suspending Ben Wallace for six games.
"BATON ROUGE, La. -- Alley Broussard ran for a career-high three touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and No. 13 Louisiana State held Mississippi State to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51-0 blowout yesterday."
"There are many other treatment options for people with arthritis, and physicians are considering them patient by patient. Washington -- Physicians are pulling out their risk-versus-benefit calculators once "
"AP - The German government will take on an extra 14 billion euros ( #36;17.23 billion) in debt this year because the country's economic upturn so far has failed to boost tax revenue, taking new borrowing to a record level, the finance minister said Wednesday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Drug maker AstraZeneca Plc  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AZN.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AZN.L&lt;/A&gt;&lt;AZN.N&gt; on Thursday said it has sued generic drug maker  KV Pharmaceutical Co &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KVa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;KVa.N&lt;/A&gt; over one of its branded high blood  pressure medications."
"Security at three Russian nuclear power plants has  quot;serious shortcomings quot; despite steps to improve security levels, Russia #39;s deputy prosecutor general, Vladimir Kolesnikov, said Thursday."
You #39;re probably already familiar with one of the most common questions we hear at iPodlounge:  quot;how can I load my iPod up with free music?
"Sepp Blatter, the president of football #39;s world governing body Fifa, will tell Sven Goran Eriksson today that his England players were wrong to boycott the media last week."
Saudi Arabia said Sunday it is seeking stable oil prices in the international market for the sake of consumers and producers. Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Nuaimi said during 
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tommy Haas continued his impressive  comeback from injury with a dominant 6-2, 6-3, 7-5 victory over  Brazilian qualifier Ricardo Mello Sunday to reach the fourth  round of the U.S. Open."
"AP - A powerful typhoon in southern Japan caused landslides and floods, left tens of thousands without power, and injured at least 23 people Monday. In the western part of the country, strong aftershocks rattled a region hours after two earthquakes injured 43."
"It is much too easy to call Pedro Martinez the selfish one, to say he is walking out on the Red Sox, his baseball family, for the extra year of the Mets #39; crazy money."
"The creation of an East Asian union has gained more support after the leaders of 13 countries in East Asia agreed to hold an East Asian Summit conference next year at the 8th Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN) Plus Korea, China, Japan "
The World Bank says fewer people than ever are living in extreme poverty in East Asia and the Pacific due to economic growth of around seven per cent.
"The giant has released a patch so that Windows doesn #39;t let in hackers when it handles JPEG graphics formats. The flaw means that attackers can create an image file that will automatically run dodgy code, dump "
"Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Lawyers for Robert Baltovich, convicted 12 years ago in the murder of his girlfriend, began a long-awaited legal bid to clear his name Monday in an appeal that's expected to resurrect the grim spectre of sex killer Paul Bernardo."
"If ABC hoped to generate a little bit more buzz for Monday Night Football and  quot;Desperate Housewives, quot; its risqu intro to the Dallas-Philadelphia game sure did the trick."
"Six British soldiers have been killed in a helicopter crash in the Czech Republic, a Czech Defence Ministry spokesman says. Andrej Cirtek said the soldiers had been participating in a Czech "
"MARKS  amp; Spencer yesterday recorded its fourth quarter of falling sales in a row, just a day before potential suitor Philip Green is expected to report an increase in full-year earnings at rival BhS."
"Sports India, Cricket: Dhaka, Dec 12 : Pacer Irfan Pathan claimed his first 10-wicket haul and Sachin Tendulkar cracked a career-best unbeaten 248 to bring India within two wickets of victory on the third day of the first Test against Bangladesh here "
Reuters - Verizon Communications Inc. and\Qwest Communications International Inc. asked a federal court\on Tuesday to block temporary rules by the U.S. Federal\Communications Commission forcing the companies to lease phone\lines to rivals for at least another six months.
"Britain said Thursday the Security Council should be nearly doubled in size to 24 nations, with Germany, Japan, India and Brazil becoming permanent members."
The Giants defense has thought about little else except Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick this week.
"Saturn #39;s largest moon Titan may have molten ice welling up to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests."
"Stepping up its takeover defense from predator New Zealand Fonterra Co-operative Group, dairy target National Foods said today its shares were worth between \$6.11 and \$6.65 a share."
Australian troops in Baghdad came under attack today for the first time since the end of the Iraq war when a car bomb exploded injuring three soldiers and damaging an Australian armoured convoy.
"SN30952 writes  quot;Singapore Airlines 026, a 747 flying from Frankfurt to New York was diverted to Manchester airport following a bomb threat."
"AP - NASA has agreed to launch its largest scientific balloons from a site in northern Sweden, a spokesman said Tuesday."
"Orlando Cabrera homered in the bottom of the 12th inning to lead the Red Sox to their second straight victory in their last at-bat, 7-6, over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night."
"AP - Marshall coach Bob Pruett will not be reprimanded for calling the Ohio State football team ""a bunch of Mandingos,"" a comment some thought could be offensive to blacks."
"Cisco Systems, Inc. has announced its intent to open a research and development centre in Tokyo, Japan. The company informs that the facility will open in February, 2005, and will represent an initial \$12 "
SiliconValley.com - Apple Computer Chief Executive Steve Jobs has quietly returned to work full time after taking a leave of absence to recover from cancer surgery.
"Sony Corp, which on Tuesday confirmed a shipping halt on the Suez Canal disrupted delivery of its newest PlayStation 2 to Europe, said supply shortages of the game console extend to the United States."
"Vice President Dick Cheney said that the country would be at risk of a terror attack if it made ""the wrong choice"" in November."
"Just two games into his return from a fractured right thumb, Delonte West suffered a broken right hand that will keep the rookie point guard out indefinitely. West broke his hand on an innocuous-looking fall early in the second quarter against Miami Sunday night. He iced the hand at halftime and came back to play in the ..."
"Richard N. Perle, a director at the media company Hollinger International who was criticized in an internal report, says he was duped by its former chief, Conrad M. Black."
"BEIRUT -- A military prosecutor has charged 35 Arab nationals and alleged members of an Al Qaeda-linked terror group with plotting to bomb foreign targets in Lebanon, including the Italian and Ukrainian diplomatic missions, judicial officials said yesterday."
"KUALA LUMPUR Shares of Genting, Asia #39;s biggest publicly traded casino group, rose Wednesday on expectations that the company #39;s plan to develop Las Vegas-style casinos in Britain with Stanley Leisure would bolster profit."
The International Energy Agency said that higher petroleum prices would hurt economic growth around the world next year.
" TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran have given judo world champion  Arash Miresmaeili a \$125,000 reward, saying he sacrificed a  gold medal at the Athens Olympics by refusing to fight an  Israeli, a sports official said on Tuesday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; suffered  a setback this week when a committee of creditors scotched one  of the company's early debt renegotiation efforts, but the  struggling airline still has a chance of restructuring its debt  without filing for bankruptcy, analysts said on Friday."
"AP - Tracy McGrady scooped up a loose ball and hit a running 3-pointer with 1.7 seconds left, helping the Houston Rockets complete a rally from a 10-point deficit in the final minute for an 81-80 win over San Antonio on Thursday night."
"Japan TOKYO -- Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing yesterday after determining that a nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China. Japan's navy had been on alert since Wednesday, when the submarine was first spotted off the nation's southern island of Okinawa. Tokyo sent reconnaissance aircraft and naval destroyers to shadow the submarine, ..."
This image reveals the odd shape of Saturn #39;s moon Hyperion and an intriguing variation in brightness across its surface. The diameter of Hyperion is 266 kilometers (165 miles).
"Riding on record revenue across all its business segments, Hewlett- Packard Co. delivered surprisingly strong financial reports for its fiscal fourth quarter, with profit up 26.5 percent."
"Pfizer Inc., the world #39;s largest drugmaker, agreed to pay \$430 million to resolve personal-injury claims against a subsidiary that sold products containing asbestos in the 1970s."
"AP - The Oakland Athletics hired Rene Lachemann on Tuesday as their bench coach for next season, replacing Chris Speier."
"ADRIAN MUTU admits he took drugs but claims it was not cocaine but a drug to improve his sex life.  quot;The only reason I took what I took was because I wanted to improve my sexual performance, quot; said the 25-year "
Tony Blair promised yesterday to seek a national consensus on radical reform to tackle Britain #39;s pensions crisis but shelved the crucial decisions until after the general election.
"Free agent shortstop Omar Vizquel has agreed to terms on a \$12.25 million, three-year contract with the San Francisco Giants, a person close to the negotiations told The Associated Press on Sunday on condition of anonymity."
"WASHINGTON -- Saddam Hussein was dead broke, the result of UN penalties. Or so it was thought."
 SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea threatened on Saturday to  double the size of its nuclear deterrent if the United States  did not drop what Pyongyang sees as a confrontational policy  aimed at unseating the communist leadership there.
The proposed merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. could face a shaky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without losing a ton of money or customers.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's national academy of science  urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by  President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.
"Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Able-bodied young people who live with their parents will see their monthly welfare payments cut next year, the Quebec government announced Tuesday."
"Drug makers failed to bounce back from a Thursday slide, with many drug stocks closing down Friday as drug giant Pfizer Inc. and generic drug challenger Alpharma Inc."
"Yahoo Profit More Than Triples Thanks to Overture\\Yahoo's quarterly profit more than tripled when compared to Q3 2003. The increase in Yahoo profit over this time period is largely attributed by the performance of Yahoo's search engine advertising service Overture. Yahoo posted net income of \$253.3 million, or 17 cents ..."
"Hewlett-Packard has decided to end their efforts on active development of the Itanium chip, which is in the making for a decade now."
"BAGHDAD: Twenty-four people were killed and more than 100 wounded in a car bomb attack and other violence in Iraq on Wednesday. Naim al-Qaabi, an official from Moqtada Sadrs movement, said 15 people were "
"New York police have developed a pre-emptive strike policy, cutting off demonstrations before they grow large."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators have decided against  filing civil charges against Global Crossing Ltd. founder Gary  Winnick following a probe of its accounting practices, his  attorney said on Monday."
"COLUMBUS, Ohio (Ticker) -- Seventh-ranked Michigan hopes to clinch a second straight outright Big Ten Conference title and Rose Bowl berth Saturday when it visits archrival Ohio State."
"The Internet search giant Google Inc. on late Wednesday unveiled Google Scholar, its next service aimed at listing scholarly literature such as theses, books and technical reports that appears to be most relevant to a search request."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Adelphia Communications Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ADELQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ADELQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; asked a U.S. bankruptcy court to order its founding  Rigas family to pay back \$3.23 billion it says the family owes  the company, court papers show."
DETROIT - Five Indiana Pacers players were charged today with assault and battery in a brawl that broke out on the court last month and spilled into the stands at The Palace of Auburn Hills.
"The government on Thursday extended the operating concession of financially troubled airline Vasp for another six months after the airline delivered a debt payment plan, the defense ministry said in a statement."
Trainer Patrick Biancone says the Lion Heart who will try to get 1 1/4 miles in Saturday #39;s Travers is not the same Lion Heart who failed to get the same distance in the Kentucky Derby 17 weeks ago.
Microsoft today released its third open-source offering called the FlexiWiki project on SourceForge.net. FlexWiki is a collaborative web-based authoring environment implemented on the Microsoft .
"Osama bin Laden said for the first time that he ordered the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, according to a tape made public today."
"After decades of constructing hermetically sealed buildings, developers are incorporating a new amenity into their designs: windows that open."
"A gaping hole in the ozone layer over Antarctica appears to have shrunk by about 20 percent from last year #39;s record-breaking size, New Zealand scientists said on Friday."
"Scientists have transplanted into infertile mice sperm stem cells grown in a laboratory, thus allowing the mice to reproduce -- an approach that one day might be used to cure infertility in men -- according to a study published in the November issue of "
"The Unites States space agency NASA has unveiled the world #39;s fastest supercomputer at its Ames Research Centre in California, where India-born astronaut Kalpana Chawla worked for years, in honour of the seven crew members of spacecraft Columbia which "
" ATHENS (Reuters) - In one of the most bizarre episodes to  erupt at the Athens Olympics, the Australian women's eight  rowing crew were reprimanded on Tuesday for laying in to ""Lay  Down Sally."""
"Asian farmers drilling millions of pump-operated wells in an ever-deeper search for water are threatening to suck the continent #39;s underground reserves dry, a science magazine warned on Wednesday."
"When cities run out of valuable real estate, planners look up. The search for green space is no exception."
"AstraZeneca will have to take a charge against 2004 earnings after US regulators rejected its new anti-clotting drug Exanta, but a company spokesman has declined to say how large it will be."
"GAZA: Israeli forces killed two Palestinian militants in a missile strike in the southern Gaza town of Khan Younis early on Sunday, Palestinian medics said."
" PHUKET, Thailand (Reuters) - Thai police ordered foreign  families and friends on Monday to stay away from tsunami-hit  areas, including temporary morgues in Buddhist temples where  they have searched for missing loved ones."
"Earnings are up, but sagging revenues are more annoying than static."
ATHENS (Reuters) - Aaron Peirsol was awarded gold in the men #39;s 200 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics on Thursday after winning an appeal against his disqualification then surviving a protest from the British and Austrian teams. 
"One of the most powerful rockets since The Boeing Co. #39;s Saturn 5 hurled astronauts to the moon more than three decades ago is set to blast away from Cape Canaveral today, weather permitting."
"Barring unexpected complications from the concussion Brett Favre suffered Sunday, the Packers will have their starting quarterback in the lineup for their Monday night game against the Titans."
"NEW YORK - Bill O'Reilly, whose Fox News Channel show is the highest-rated cable news program, has been accused of sexual harassment by one of his producers. O'Reilly says the complaint is a politically motivated extortion attempt..."
"LONDON, DECEMBER 15: Senior British minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blairs team months before an expected general election."
"AP - A congressional candidate's antebellum home burned down early Friday, and he broke his knee jumping from the second floor."
Everton were today expected to respond to Manchester Uniteds offer for Wayne Rooney after the Old Trafford club joined Newcastle in the bidding war for the England striker.
"Nigerian unions called off a general strike which had jeopardized oil supplies from the world's seventh-largest exporter for four days, but threatened more action within weeks unless the government cut fuel prices."
Reuters - South Korea Monday shrugged off North\Korean criticism of the South's experiments with nuclear\materials as familiar posturing that would not rule out the\mercurial communist North's return to atomic arms talks.
"MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Google is trying to create an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its Internet search engine."
"U.S. jets pounded suspected Shiite militant positions in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City on Monday, killing at least five people and wounding 40. Elsewhere, insurgents detonated a car bomb and fired rockets, killing at least four National Guardsmen, in separate attacks targeting Iraq's beleaguered security forces."
Reuters - The dollar fought back from one-month\lows against the euro and Swiss franc on Wednesday as investors\viewed its sell-off in the wake of the Federal Reserve's\verdict on interest rates as overdone.
"PARIS: France shed almost half of its 44 per cent stake in Air France-KLM yesterday, kicking off a wider deal that could see its remaining stake cut to below 20pc and give staff shares in return for pay cuts."
" BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer Honeywell  International Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HON.N&lt;/A&gt; posted a rise in quarterly profit as  strong demand for aerospace equipment and automobile components  boosted revenues, the company said on Wednesday."
LONDON (AFP) - Oil prices rose over worries about a possible supply shortage of US heating oil stocks during the northern hemisphere winter.
Tiger Woods enjoyed his three-week honeymoon so much that he considered extending it for a full month and skipping this week #39;s Tour Championship.
The vendor is teaming with OATSystems and BearingPoint to launch new RFID systems and services. By Elena Malykhina. Hewlett-Packard is teaming up with OATSystems Inc.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday,  as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought  beaten-down shares, pushing blue chips to close above 10,000  for the first time in 3 weeks."
" JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's labor unions staged a  nationwide general strike on Tuesday, grounding all  international air traffic, paralyzing financial markets and  public services and even preventing burial of the dead."
"SYDNEY: Australian supermarket group Woolworths Ltd reported a better-than-expected 12 gain in second-half profit on cost savings, and forecast a rise of up to 15 in 2005 earnings despite increased competition."
AP - Phillip Fulmer kept his cool when starting center Jason Respert drove off in the coach's golf cart at practice.
"AP - Capping an intense 10-day competition for Iowa's seven electoral votes, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards accused the Bush administration on Sunday of being captured by drug and insurance interests at the expense of working families."
"China #39;s recent decision to cancel a military exercise, followed a few days later by a similar announcement from Taiwan, offered the first ray of hope in months that relations were on the mend."
"Manchester United broke off talks Monday with American businessman Malcolm Glazer over a possible takeover of the soccer club, saying his bid relied too heavily on borrowed money."
A lawsuit in which mobile maker Sendo accused Microsoft of stealing its technology and customers is settled.
"ATHENS -- On the day the world track federation (IAAF) opened an investigation into alleged drug violations by two Greek sprinters and their coach, IAAF Doping Commission chairman Arne Ljungqvist said the organization had long been unhappy with Greece's approach to anti-doping rules."
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NYSE: AMD) has entered into sourcing and manufacturing technology agreements with Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd.
"Shares in Centrica have fallen by 7 per cent after the energy company revealed that its British Gas business was to limit rises in bills after losing 900,000 this year."
"Australia #39;s main airline carrier, Qantas, says it won #39;t appeal the New Zealand High Court #39;s rejection of a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand."
"BRUSSELS: The EU sought Wednesday to keep pressure on Turkey over its bid to start talks on joining the bloc, as last-minute haggling seemed set to go down to the wire at a summit poised to give a green light to Ankara."
"Insured losses in the United States from Hurricane Ivan, which was roaring toward the US Gulf coast on Wednesday, could run between \$4 billion and \$10 billion, a risk assessment company said."
"Craig Conway, former PeopleSoft CEO, admitted he misled investors when he said people had  quot;lost interest quot; in Oracle #39;s bid for his company."
"TEHERAN - Iran reacted yesterday with defiance to a tough resolution from the United Nations atomic watchdog, rejecting calls to halt sensitive nuclear activities and threatening to block tough inspections if the issue was referred to the Security Council "
"FOXBOROUGH -- If you listened to Patriots coach Bill Belichick and others speaking about the Bills last week, Drew Bledsoe was playing like the second coming of Johnny Unitas and Willis McGahee was running like Walter Payton."
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Last season, Roger Federer leftHouston not even the top-ranked player of the year.&lt;/p&gt;"
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rallied further on Friday,  as a bright business outlook from computer maker Dell Inc. and  a further dip in oil prices powered blue chips and tech stocks  to close the week at their highest level in months."
"Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin has been declared ineligible for the first semester of the academic year because he does not meet NCAA academic eligibility requirements, school officials said Tuesday."
"LAKE FOREST - In the early stages of the season Rex Grossman proved to be developing into a playmaker, but it also became his downfall."
"Indonesian militant Idris is jailed for a hotel bombing in Jakarta, but cleared of the Bali attacks because of a new law."
"HAMPTON - Even as teams prepared for Sunday #39;s Nextel Cup race at Atlanta Motor Speedway, the NASCAR community continued to focus on last week #39;s plane crash."
"Airbus was given the go-ahead yesterday by its shareholders - EADS and BAE Systems - to start marketing its planned A350 mid-range aircraft to airlines, heralding "
"Washington's XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. plans to announce a deal worth as much as \$650 million with Major League Baseball today that will enable the company to carry most regular and postseason games over the next several years beginning with Opening Day 2005, said a source familiar with the deal."
"Six wins in a row have lifted the Green Bay Packers to the top of their division and into the NFC elite, which isn #39;t saying much."
AP - Heavy rains washed out Wednesday night's game between the New York Mets and the Colorado Rockies before it ever started.
"AP - The end of the year can be a great time to rebalance your portfolio and unload poor performers, but wise investors know to do a bit of research before buying and selling mutual funds in December."
"AP - Pakistani troops acting on a tip raided a terrorist hideout Monday in a remote tribal region, sparking a shootout that left four foreigners dead and several wounded, an army spokesman said."
The flagship company of businessman and television star Donald Trump files for bankruptcy protection in the US.
"Kevin Harvick and Kasey Kahne were put on probation through the end of NASCAR's season and fined \$10,000 each Wednesday for deliberately crashing into each other after a race at Phoenix International Raceway."
" AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Netherlands mourned the outspoken  filmmaker killed a week ago by a suspected Islamic extremist,  while Dutch Muslims rallied to urge reconciliation on Tuesday  after a wave of apparent revenge attacks on mosques."
"A cricket match is expected to break out this morning at the Oval, ending a week of tediously phoney contests and sparking the ICC Champions Trophy into belated life."
"Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh took seven crucial wickets to guide India to an 8-wicket win over South Africa today in Kolkata. With the first Test having ended in a draw, India won the Test series 1-0."
"A jailed Indonesian militant's autobiography urges fellow Muslim radicals to attack U.S. computers, with the particular aim of committing credit card fraud."
"AP - An Israeli bus exploded in a Jerusalem neighborhood early Sunday, but officials said the blast had been caused by a mechanical problem. There were no injuries."
"Sun Microsystems on Monday was to unveil the latest version of its flagship computer operating system, Solaris. It also intended to offer a free version of the program to make it more attractive to corporate and academic users."
"Reuters - Those behind the ""cold-blooded murder""\of 22 people at the United Nations office in Baghdad one year\ago must be held to account, no matter how long it takes to\find them, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Thursday."
"Nortel, which had set mid-November as the target date for releasing restated and current results, said it's near the end of the restatement process."
A survey by the Pew Internet and American Life Project provides the first large-scale snapshot of what artists think about the Internet and file-sharing.
The United States and Canada signed a declaration on Friday that outlines a plan to clean up the Great Lakes and the major waterways that feed them.
"Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly releases for September -- one rated critical, one important."
"Lycos Europe appeared to have pulled a controversial antispam screensaver program from its site, after coming under fire from both security experts and the spammers themselves."
"Brent Geiberger hardly had time to talk, but he took the cellular phone from a PGA Tour official anyway. On the phone with him was the champion of the 1976 Greater Greensboro Open."
"With winds gusting to 30 miles an hour at Ralph Wilson Stadium and with the Buffalo Bills 12 yards from the Jets #39; end zone on Sunday, Willis McGahee took the handoff, cradled the ball and paused."
Australian police are investigating an incendiary device discovered on board an airliner at Sydney airport. A baggage handler found the device on Monday in the cargo hold of a Virgin Blue Boeing 737 that was 
 LONDON (Reuters) - The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS)  has postponed its hearings with American sprinters Tim  Montgomery and Chryste Gaines who have been charged with  serious doping violations.
"and it surely is not -- it isn #39;t for lack of a great story, compelling characters, and a capable director. Really, the "
"Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Tuesday exempted Internet telephone services from certain state\oversight, a boon for Vonage Holdings Corp. and other providers\aggressively pushing the new service."
"THREE weeks ago, photographs of an unconscious Elisabeth Musu bleeding from her wounds were flashed around the world. Yesterday afternoon, the survivor of last month #39;s Jakarta bomb blast smiled for the camera "
"It #39;s hard to imagine a more deserving trio of defensemen being inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame on the same slate again. The addition of Ray Bourque, Paul "
"So much for making a fresh start in the second half of the season. Instead of new beginnings, the Cowboys battled the same old problems, this time getting slapped around by the Philadelphia "
"Former champion Lleyton Hewitt reached his third consecutive Grand Slam quarterfinal Tuesday, defeating Karol Beck 6-4, 6-2, 6-2, at the US Open for his 14th consecutive match victory."
"Hollywood #39;s movie studios will announce today that hundreds of copyright infringement lawsuits will be filed against people they allege are illegally distributing feature films online, a "
 HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong residents voted on Sunday  in a legislative election seen as a referendum on greater  democracy and a test of popularity for China's communist rulers  in the former British colony.
IBM plans to announce today that it is getting into a fast-growing segment of the data storage industry that #39;s currently dominated by Hewlett-Packard.
AFP - England qualified for the Champions Trophy final after beating world champions Australia by six wickets in Tuesday's semi-final here at Edgbaston to end a run of 14 successive defeats against the world champions.
Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan held onto its secrets despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras and instruments.
"Athens -- Stacy Dragila, the first great woman pole vaulter and 2000 Olympic champion, will not be defending her gold medal in Athens."
"Russian economic growth is unlikely to suffer because of government support for the Kyoto Protocol on climate change, a leading analyst says."
"AP - An anxious search Tuesday of a Chicago harbor turned up no more northern snakeheads, a voracious alien fish that can devastate freshwater ecosystems by gobbling up food and native fish."
"Canada on Sunday confirmed its second case of mad cow disease, just days after the United States said it planned to reopen its border to Canadian beef."
i2 Technologies is hoping to continue its rebound by rolling out new technology aimed at retailers and manufacturers and forming partnerships that will help make its applications easier to integrate.
A new round of lawsuits aimed at prolific Internet song-swappers could be announced as early as Thursday as music executives meet in London to discuss the next step in their global war on Internet piracy.
NEW YORKWorld oil prices rose yesterday as concerns over a supply shortage after Hurricane Ivan persisted despite news the United States will lend some oil from its reserves to refineries to make up for lost production.
"Israeli troops shot and killed a 7-year-old Palestinian girl on Friday after militants fired mortar rounds at a Gaza Strip settlement, injuring four Israelis, one of them a child, officials said."
"Continental Airlines Inc. reported a \$16 million third-quarter loss on Tuesday, including \$22 million in special charges related to retirement of leased MD-80 aircraft, and said it expects to report losses in 2004 and in 2005 unless conditions improve."
"Holtz replaces John Thompson, who was forced out about two weeks ago after a 3-and-20 record in two seasons with the Pirates. Holtz has spent six years as assistant head coach and quarterbacks coach at South "
"Baxter International Inc. on Thursday reported earnings from continuing operations of 42 cents a share, in line with analysts #39; expectations."
NEW YORK -- Securities regulator NASD on Monday charged H amp;R Block Inc. with fraudulently promoting Enron Corp. bonds to customers just weeks before the energy trader declared bankruptcy in 2001.
"Tour rookie Jason Dufner shot a seven-under-par 65 to take the first round lead at the Greensboro Classic on Thursday. Dufner, who has never led a round on the "
"AP - Conservationists sued a federal agency Monday for allegedly failing to protect North Pacific right whales, which were hunted nearly to extinction more than a century ago and remain among the world's most endangered animals."
"If your office is often cold, take note - chilly environs may lower productivity. A study by a Cornell University ergonomics professor found a reverse correlation between temperature and typing mistakes."
BERLIN - Volkswagen AG #39;s announcement this week that it has forged a new partnership deal with Malaysian carmaker Proton comes as a strong euro and Europe #39;s weak economic performance triggers a fresh wave of German investment in Asia.
"AP - There is no ""Fiddler on the Roof"" at the Republicans' Madison Square Garden convention. Those are security guys with submachine guns. And while New York may be a ""Wonderful Town"" for President Bush  amp; Co. this convention week, it will be anything but on Nov. 2."
"Reuters - Stocks extended their rally on Friday,\led by technology shares after computer maker Dell Inc.\ shot up 8 percent on a higher quarterly profit and an\optimistic forecast."
The Boston Cannons lost their last regular-season game but it really didn't matter. They had already clinched a spot in the Major League Lacrosse playoffs. What mattered was that attackman Conor Gill went down with a left knee injury in the fourth quarter and was out for the rest of the game.
"Times Staff and Wire reports TINICUM -- Globs of heavy crude oil were flowing down the Delaware River Saturday, covering boats docked along the river and threatening fish and waterfowl."
The  quot;highly critical quot; vulnerabilities stem from a flaw in IE #39;s drag-and-drop feature and in the browser #39;s security zone.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 meters champion Torri Edwards  will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a  two-year drugs ban was dismissed on Tuesday.
"The Tennessee Volunteers won 30-28 over the Florida Gators in a Southeastern Conference battle at Neyland Stadium, in Knoxville, Tenn."
"DISGRUNTLED shareholders of Prudential will this week demand urgent talks with Rob Rowley, the companys senior independent director, to express their frustration at the insurers decision to raise 1 billion in a rights issue."
"In a series of tightly sequenced attacks, at least 25 Iraqis were killed by suicide car bombings and a barrage of missile and mortar fire in several neighborhoods across Baghdad on Sunday."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar sank to a record low against  the euro on Thursday and stood near a 12-year low versus the  pound after a round of robust U.S. economic data failed to  dispel souring sentiment on the U.S. currency.
" GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - A series of bomb blasts killed  nine people and wounded 35 in northeastern India on Saturday in  the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the main  separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago."
"Domain Names Still Important Despite Search Engine Popularity\\A common belief is that search engines like Google make specific web addresses, that is, Internet domain names, relatively unimportant.  #8220;That is not true, #8221; asserts psychologist Susan D. Griffith, Ph.D.  #8220;As in other areas of branding, names are everything, and memorable names on ..."
It was a tough week for the Boston College hockey team. An upset loss to Harvard and a disappointing tie with Providence put an end to BC's reign as the No. 1-ranked team in the country.
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - ImClone Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IMCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;IMCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted its third successive quarterly profit helped by  strong sales of its new colon cancer drug Erbitux."
" LONDON (Reuters) - Cazenove is getting serious in its  courtship with at least two U.S. investment banks and the  180-year old UK brokerage could tie the knot with one of its  suitors in a matter of weeks, sources close to the situation  said Monday."
NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft successfully photographed one of the most mysterious objects in our solar system on Tuesday in a flyby that brought it within 745 miles of Saturn #39;s hazy moon Titan.
" AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Sony Corp &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; unveiled its first  MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an  attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computer's &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  iPod."
"Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth straight decision, and the New York Yankees beat Sidney Ponson and the Baltimore Orioles 5-2 Saturday."
"ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- The appointment of a close ally of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf as the country #39;s new prime minister has been criticized as showing the  quot;rule of oppression."
"India says it will appoint private consultants to determine the number of people infected with the AIDS virus. The Indian government estimates the number at 5.1 million, the second most in the world after South Africa."
"BUCHAREST: The sacking of Romanian striker Adrian Mutu by English Premiership giants Chelsea for a failed drugs test made the front page of all national newspapers here Saturday, as the press pondered the future of their fallen idol."
"Nearly a year since it was sold by Vivendi Universal to private investors, online retailer eMusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music."
"AP - Chris Paul had 14 points and a career-high 11 assists and Kyle Visser added 13 points, helping No. 6 Wake Forest hold off Elon 85-67 on Wednesday night."
"CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Buffalo Sabres agreed to terms with former first-round draft choice Thomas Vanek on Friday. The Sabres signed the left-winger, the fifth overall selection in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, to a three-year entry-level contract."
"Margaret Hassan, said to be a British-born Iraqi national, the director of CARE International #39;s operation in Iraq is seen in this image made from video footage made on May 20, 2003."
Credit Suisse Group announced yesterday that it would integrate its Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking arm into the parent company over the next two years in an effort to create a  quot;more focused franchise.
"KIEV, Ukraine -- Facing a relentless tide of opposition protests, embattled President Leonid Kuchma said Monday that a new election might be the only way out of a spiraling crisis that threatens to break up this former Soviet republic between the pro "
"Melissa Howard hated the trips to Hooters for Wal-Mart management meetings. But the strip clubs were even worse, she said. While the store manager of a Wal-Mart in Bluffton, Howard traveled "
"Google, WebSideStory, Claria Show Negative IPO Trend\\The online advertising, search engine marketing, and web analytics markets may be booming, but for companies looking to go public, there has been a definite negative trend over the past month, with buyers not showing interest, or just waiting, during an otherwise down time ..."
"Despite a chorus of Wall Street naysayers, Chuck Dolan continues to gamble big on his startup satellite-television venture. Voom - the offshoot of Dolan #39;s Cablevision "
"NEW YORK, October 5 (newratings.com) - Microsoft Corporation (MSFT.NAS) and PalmOne Inc have announced a new licensing deal to enable mobile email services on PalmOne #39;s Treo smart phones."
"The fans of the St. Louis Cardinals are considered the best in baseball, or at least the most polite and supportive. They embrace their team with the fervor of a college "
Rookie Scott Kazmir outpitched Pedro Martinez to lead the Tampa Bay Devil Rays over Boston 5-2 Tuesday night and sent the Red Sox to consecutive losses for the first time in more than five weeks.
"Halliburton Co. may decide not to submit new bids for the logistics contracts it holds in Iraq if the U.S. military divides up the work too deeply, Chief Executive Officer Dave Lesar said on Tuesday."
"Reuters - The European Commission was set to\recommend on Wednesday that Turkey start accession talks with\the European Union, finally unveiling its watershed decision\after 40 years of on-again, off-again talks."
"The worlds tallest bridge was opened in the Tarn Valley, France, yesterday and has been hailed as both a monumental work of art and an unrivalled technological achievement."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology shares tumbled on  Friday after Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 1 chip  maker, slashed its revenue forecast, but blue chips were only  moderately lower as drug and industrial stocks gained."
"In a move to protect Spain #39;s image and bid for the 2012 Olympics, Spanish leaders stressed that its citizens and sports fans are not racist."
"Germany #39;s Roechling family completed the sale of its stake in weapons-maker Rheinmetall AG to institutional investors for 561 million euros (\$743 million), people familiar with the transaction said."
"AP - Down four runs with only three outs left, Curacao manager Vernon Isabella thought his team's run for a championship was over. That was until Jonathan Schoop led an unlikely rally."
PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Kyle Eckel rushed for a career-high 179 yards and a touchdown to lead the Navy Midshipmen to a 42-13 rout of the Army Black Knights in the 105th meeting of the storied rivalry between the service academies from Lincoln 
"Samsung Electronics, Asias largest technology firm with a market cap of \$67 billion, outstripped Motorola ousting the American company from the No."
"By Adrian Curtis, PA Sport and Cindy Garcia-Bennett, PA International. Adrian Mutu is heading for talks about his Chelsea future with manager Jose Mourinho today following allegations that he has tested positive for a banned substance."
NEW ORLEANS Five offshore oil rigs were set adrift in the Gulf of Mexico and three others were damaged by Hurricane Ivan. The Coast Guard says it received a report from Diamond Offshore that a 335-foot semi 
"Before putting Towelgate to rest, it #39;s important to revisit some of the specifics of what Colts coach Tony Dungy said about the Terrell Owens-Nicollette Sheridan skit at the beginning of Monday Night Football."
"NASA postponed for at least two days the launch of its robotic satellite-chasing spacecraft because the target satellite temporarily lost reception of a key navigational signal, the agency said Tuesday."
Infineon Technologies AG (FSE/NYSE: IFX) announced today that it has reached an agreement with the United States Department of Justice - Antitrust Division - (DoJ) to plead guilty to a single and limited charge related to the violation of US antitrust 
" quot;As of right now, the chances of his participating are 50-50, quot; Johan Bruyneel, Armstrong #39;s longtime directeur sportif at US Postal and now at new title sponsor Discovery Channel, said at a presentation ceremony for the 2005 Tour in Paris Thursday."
At least two Americans died in a blast at the office of an American firm that provides security for President Hamid Karzai.
"As one of the thousands of food-ration agents who are entrusted with handing out voter registration forms in Iraq, Fadhil Muhsen Salom has a feel for the mood of his Shiite "
Investor's Business Daily - Networking giant Cisco Systems may be in short-term pain. But it's looking past that to long-term gain.
"CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. Oct. 18, 2004 - The space station #39;s newest astronaut will cast his ballot in the presidential election from 225 miles up, with NASA #39;s help."
"China has threatened to veto a revised US draft resolution that would consider UN sanctions against Sudans oil industry if Khartoum does not stop atrocities in its Darfur region, diplomats reported on Wednesday."
"Silverstone #39;s owners have been given 48 hours to agree a contract for next year #39;s British Grand Prix, Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone said on Monday."
NEW YORKA weekend which began with rain and hope ended in sunshine and frustration for the Red Sox. Pedro Martinez allowed a two-run home run to Gary Sheffield on the fourth pitch of the game and the Yankees 
"The American Secretary of State, Colin Powell, says, Middle Eastern economic and political reform will help defeat terrorism. With continued violence in US-occupied Iraq and the Palestinian question unresolved "
"Lleyton Hewitt knows how it feels to be No. 1 in the world. Anything less is no big deal to him. Hewitt rallied to beat Carlos Moya 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-4 in a first-round match at the ATP Masters Cup Championships "
Eyeing up that juicy steak but worried about your waistline? Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp. said it has developed a new fat-busting microwave oven that can melt some of your worries away.
"Oracle Corp (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) is likely to win clearance from the European Commission for its hostile takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc."
"World News  gt; London, Oct 01 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair today underwent a non-surgical operation to correct a heart flutter and is  quot;doing ok quot;."
"SINGAPORE - The price of crude oil surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday amid continued uncertainty over production, high demand and tight supply globally.    The price of crude for November delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange reached \$55.02 per barrel mid-morning in Asia, up 9 cents from its settlement price on Friday..."
"WASHINGTON -- The first nationwide survey of Iraqi deaths since the US-led invasion concludes that about 100,000 people have died as a result of the war, including many women and children killed in coalition airstrikes."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened up 0.54  percent on Monday with banks and exporters leading the way as a  stronger finish on Wall Street and declining oil prices soothed  worries over the global economic outlook.
"Ziff Davis - If Google releases a browser, will Microsoft do an about-face and deliver a new standalone version of Internet Explorer?"
"AP - The former rebel leader who was set to become Kosovo's new prime minister on Friday was recently interviewed by U.N. war crimes investigators, raising fears among some western officials that he could be indicted for his role in the 1998-99 war in former Yugoslavia."
"SINGAPORE : The five-year-old girl, who was critically injured in the Jakarta bombing, was taken off sedatives on Monday morning. Elisabeth Musu was awake for about three "
"A German art group reprograms old assembly-line robots to become autonomous artists. The machines draw, spin tunes and dance in public. The group wants to show that the industrial beasts can create beauty. By David Cohn."
 KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing president and  opposition appeared deadlocked on Tuesday after the collapse of  a tentative deal intended to smooth a rerun of elections  annulled because of fraud and defuse weeks of turmoil.
"The last time I met Marwan Barghouti, along with other notable Palestinians, I joked how impressive it was to see so many leading minds of the Palestinians together."
" BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The U.S. Ryder Cup  team, wounded after a first day mauling, were losing a fight  for survival Saturday."
"WASHINGTON - House Republicans sought Tuesday to quash an undying Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well.    The specter of a wartime military draft like that of the Vietnam era has lingered around the presidential campaign for the past few weeks, fueled by an e-mail driven rumor mill and a campaign by Rock the Vote, a nonpartisan group that seeks to boost voting among young people..."
" HONG KONG (Reuters) - With most technical issues resolved  and giants like Vodafone Plc signing up customers, 2005 could  be the year when third-generation (3G) mobile services finally  gain a global audience."
"For all but the two Blackburn Rovers fans who spoilt an otherwise thrilling afternoon #39;s entertainment by targeting Dwight Yorke for racist abuse, this was a classic to savour."
"The Chrysler Group, the North American arm of DaimlerChrysler AG, continued on its hot streak last month as the only domestic automaker with increasing US sales."
"Hundreds of people marched in Katmandu on Sunday, waving banners urging religious tolerance in wake of riots over the killing of 12 Nepalese hostages by Iraqi insurgents."
"All three men heading to the international space station in a Russian-built Soyuz spacecraft this Thursday will be riding the tiny craft for the first time, breaking with 30 years of tradition."
"The e-mails come in a torrent now, each seemingly more urgent than the last."
NEW YORK - Mitsubishi Motors North America Inc launched a television ad campaign on Monday to improve its brand image that has been tarnished by a series of recall-related scandals over the past year.
"British regulators have extended their suspension of Chiron Corp.'s license to manufacture flu vaccine, jeopardizing the company's ability to sell millions of flu shots in the United States next flu season."
"Thanks to Vince Carter, the Raptors were able to blaze a new trail against the Portland Trail Blazers yesterday. Carter hit a three-point fadeaway jump shot with 4.8 seconds remaining to lift Toronto to a "
"Israeli President Moshe Katsav has urged the government to respond positively to a Syrian offer to resume peace negotiations. Although Katsav #39;s role is largely ceremonial, his comments on Thursday were in "
" HILLSBOROUGH, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Northern Ireland  Protestant hard-liner Ian Paisley said on Wednesday the IRA may  be about to disarm but he would not share power with its  political ally Sinn Fein without photographic proof of the act."
It was evident when their 10 cars were herded away from their less fortunate brethren by scurrying officials immediately after the cutoff race at Richmond International Raceway two weeks ago.
"Forget  quot;super-sized, quot; McDonald #39;s is going for  quot;super-fast quot; service. The nation #39;s largest quick serve restaurant chain is getting ready to test a system that enables customers to tap or wave the new  quot;PayPass MasterCard quot; on or near a specially equipped ..."
"December 06, 2004 - Today game and film fans alike are picking sides to decide the fate of Middle-earth as Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:ERTS) announces the release of the eagerly-awaited PC game, The Lord of the Rings(tm), The Battle for Middle-earth(tm)."
"This week #39;s Golkar Party congress will feature rich, deceptive and powerful people bidding to win the chairmanship of the party, which controls the most seats in the House of Representatives."
"The next-generation OS will allow consumers to watch one channel while recording another, CNET News.com has learned."
AP - IMPASSE CONTINUES: Ukraine's parliament declared the country's disputed presidential election invalid Saturday amid international calls for a new vote.
Attack was the first time insurgents had penetrated the heavily protected area that is the home of the Iraqi government and U.S. officials.
"Business got better for Boston hotels last month, as events including the Democratic National Convention and Macworld brought plenty of guests and higher rates than local hoteliers have seen in recent years, according to a study released yesterday."
"It will be labeled a learning experience, but that won #39;t remove any of the sting. Momentum was lost again Wednesday night as the Knicks blew a lead and lost 94-93 to the Detroit Pistons at Madison Square Garden."
" ATHENS (Reuters) - ""People's power"" stopped a gymnastics  final when judges' scoring destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov's  Olympic medal hopes on Monday, while Briton Kelly Holmes  shattered Maria Mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters  titles."
"Serbia yesterday signalled the start of greater co-operation with the international war crimes tribunal in The Hague, surrendering a former Bosnian Serb general whose troops held Sarajevo under siege during the 1992-1995 Bosnian war."
"NASA engineers and researchers are gearing up to end a hypersonic research program with a world-record flight approaching 7,000 mph over the Pacific Ocean."
"So it is with Nomar Garciaparra, who, less than a year ago, was regarded as one of the top dozen or so players in the major leagues."
"Oracle has won backing from slightly more than 60 of PeopleSoft Inc. shareholders in its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover. Friday evening, the software maker announced that 228.7 million out of the roughly 376 "
"UK retail giant Tesco has decided to launch its own online music store, complete with downloads from thousands of artists and one of the most open sharing schemes on the Internet."
SOUTHHAMPTON - West Indies want to redeem a disappointing summer with a place in the Champions Trophy final while Pakistan are equally as eager to continue its resurgence under new coach Bob Woolmer.
Outsourcing vendor Electronic Data Systems has renewed an agreement for IT services from automation and utility software company Opsware that could be worth \$145 million over eight years.
Any losses of jobs is a matter of great concern for those involved and for Coventry itself. But Jaguar #39;s restructure plan for its future at least retains some jobs in the city and its spiritual headquarters at Browns Lane.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  said it would restructure its embattled KBR unit and may shed  the business if the oil services company's stock performance  keeps lagging its peers."
Thousands of enraged Nepalese attacked a mosque and more than a hundred Muslim-owned businesses and homes here on Wednesday to protest the killing of 12 Nepalese workers by terrorists in Iraq.
Regulators set aside additional bandwidth for third-generation cell phones and other advanced wireless services.
"AFP - Britain remains opposed to any attempts to harmonise taxes across the European Union, Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said as EU ministers gathered to discuss common rules for taxing company profits."
" RICHMOND, Dec. 1 -- The coalition of Virginia interest groups that helped push through a \$1.5 billion tax increase this year received a blunt message Wednesday from Gov. Mark R. Warner and senior Republican legislators who control the purse strings: Don't expect the same gift twice."
The proposed merger of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. could face a rocky start as the companies work to run and eventually merge two wireless technologies without breaking the bank or losing customers.
"VIENNA -- Raising doubts about its commitment to dispel international distrust, Iran is producing significant quantities of a gas that can be used to make nuclear arms just days before it must stop all work related to uranium enrichment, diplomats said yesterday."
"DETROIT, United States (AFP) - Under pressure from US regulators, DaimlerChrysler #39;s Chrysler Group said it would recall more than half a million trucks over ball joint defects that can cause the wheels of the vehicle to separate from the body."
"SAN JOSE, Calif. (Dow Jones/AP) -- JDS Uniphase Corp., a leading maker of fiber-optic gear, posted a wider loss for its latest quarter despite an increase in revenue and provided a forecast below analysts #39; expectations."
"AP - This small village of mud and straw huts lay ruined and abandoned Sunday, the ground charred, after residents said Sudanese soldiers attacked with a warplane and helicopters, driving farmers from their homes days before a U.N. deadline to end the violence in the ravaged Darfur region."
"SANTA FE, N.M. - Three former high school classmates of ""Dazed and Confused"" director Richard Linklater have filed a lawsuit claiming they have suffered embarrassment and ridicule because of characters based on them in the movie..."
"The British boss of Citigroups international division is leaving the company in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan. Sir Deryck Maughan, 56, also a vice chairman "
"Olympic laurels. NBC swept the Nielsen ratings medals, with its first three nights of coverage in Athens taking the top three prime-time spots last week (Aug. 9-15) in viewers and advertiser-coveted young adults. The surge ..."
"Iran may resume uranium enrichment  quot;any moment, quot; the nation #39;s Intelligence Minister warned as Tehran toughened its rhetoric against an international demand it stop all enrichment activities to allay global concerns it is developing nuclear weapons."
"Swiss world number one Roger Federer will face Australian Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday #39;s final at Masters Cup after an epic tiebreak 20-18 to seal a 6-3, 7-6 semi-final victory "
Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. Monday announced that it finalized a transaction to sell 18 stores to Home Depot Inc. for \$271 million in cash.
Toogle: Cool Google Image Search Implementation\\Google has become a synonymous with Internet Searching. It has also become a verb with all those talks about Googling this and Googling that. But the truth remains; Google is the best thing to happen to Internet Searching in years. And it does great at ...
"Brylin, entering his 11th NHL season, agreed to a multiyear deal. He appeared in all 82 regular-season games last year, and had 14 goals and 19 assists. "
"There is still the bike, always the bike. Tyler Hamilton opens the door to his hillside home above the spectacular Sunshine Canyon, puts on his racing helmet and hits the road for six hours, as he has most days for the past decade. One thing, at least, has not changed. One thing is not in doubt."
"SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS - Although Michael Schumacher could still see his Ferrari teammate Rubens Barrichello take the world title from him, few doubt that he will finalise his seventh championship at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday."
The scientists who cloned Dolly the sheep apply to use cloned human embryos to study motor neurone disease.
The presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
GENEVA - The United Nations said on Thursday a secret listening device had been found in a posh meeting room of its European headquarters in Geneva.
"On the same day that Merck  amp; Co. Inc. announced its receipt of an approvable letter from the Food and Drug Administration for use of Arcoxia (etoricoxib) in several inflammatory conditions, the company said "
Some local women's soccer and field hockey teams are ready to make some noise in the NCAA tournaments.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tenet Healthcare Corp. on Monday said  fourth-quarter charges could exceed \$1 billion and it does not  expect 2005 operating results to exceed breakeven as the  hospital operator struggles with fewer patients and bad debt.
"Two women on the seventh floor were already decorating Christmas trees, and another employee guessed that the holiday star would crown the building at Third Avenue and Pine Street, just like every year before."
The Free Standards Group (FSG) has announced the release of a specification that aims to help keep the Linux operating system from fragmenting and allow applications developed for one version of Linux to work on one another.
"Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich will miss four to six weeks with a partial tear in the lateral collateral ligament in his left knee, ESPN #39;s Chris Mortensen is reporting."
"Havana - Less than two months after an accidental fall shattered his left kneecap and broke his right arm, Cuban President Fidel Castro is back on his feet, attending to visiting leaders and making public appearances."
" SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Thousands of Kashmiri Muslims,  scarred by 15 years of violence, celebrated Eid al-Fitr Sunday,  days after India announced it would reduce the number of troops  in the disputed Himalayan territory."
Put the Zamboni machines in mothballs. What looks to be an extremely long NHL lockout has begun. The collective bargaining agreement between the league #39;s owners and its players expired at midnight 
"Reuters - US Airways Group Inc. probably\will need more cost cuts or a boost in revenue to attract the\ #36;250 million in equity it says it needs to leave bankruptcy\next year, the company said on Thursday."
"WASHINGTON The world #39;s economic powers, which ended three days of meetings yesterday, insisted they are moving closer to a deal on debt relief for Iraq and other poor nations even though an agreement has proved elusive."
Coventry Health Care Inc. on Thursday said it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp. for \$1.8 billion in stock and cash as it looks to expand its geographic reach and keep pace with rivals.
"NewsFactor - As part of its update of its EnterpriseOne suite, PeopleSoft (Nasdaq: PSFT) has launched two new applications targeted toward the established customer base of what used to be J.D. Edwards (Nasdaq: JDEC) -- manufacturing enterprises."
Colorado voters approved a proposal this month mandating that 10 percent of the state's electricity must come from wind and solar power by 2015.
"A not so-funny thing will happen Saturday. Giant fans will see Ben Roethlisberger, the quarterback that got away when the Pittsburgh Steelers visit the Meadowlands."
"Now shows can be recorded without anything physical to record them on. The same goes for music. The days of tape-cassette #39;s are long-gone, but CDs could be on their way out, too."
"US mortgage delinquencies rose in the second quarter of 2004 from the first quarter, but an improving US economy and strong home price appreciation should keep the downward trend in delinquencies intact, a US mortgage industry "
Flanker Schalk Burger was named the International Rugby Board (IRB) #39;s player of the year as South Africa swept the top honours at a ceremony in London.
Foreign Minister Sylvan Shalom cautioned the European Union Sunday to not back any Palestinian moves to condemn Israel at the United Nations for its controversial West Bank separation barrier.
"AFP - International publisher Random House has found itself forced to release a separate cover for US star author Philip Roth's new novel,  quot;The Plot Against America, quot; for the German market due to its use of a Nazi swastika, the company said."
The high level expert group chaired by former Dutch prime minister Wim Kok has presented its review of the Lisbon strategy to the European Commission on 3 November 2004.
"Reuters - With most technical issues resolved\and giants like Vodafone Plc signing up customers, 2005 could\be the year when third-generation (3G) mobile services finally\gain a global audience."
Hitachi Data Systems on Tuesday announced a new enterprise storage lineup with new features such as a virtualization that allows customers to manage up to 32 Petabytes (PB) of internal and external storage.
"LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair left hospital for home after undergoing surgery to correct an irregular heart beat, according to live television reports from the scene."
4 October 2004 (NCA) -- Polish Foreign Minister Wlodzimierz Cimoszewicz today distanced the government from a statement by the country #39;s defense minister that Poland would pull its troops out of Iraq by the end of next year.
"This fixture will be one of the toughest matches we #39;ve faced this season because winning games in France is never easy. Sochaux are flying high in their own league, in third position, and that is no mean feat."
AP - Three people traveling with the New England Patriots received minor injuries Sunday when two of their buses collided as they made their way to the team's hotel.
"The United Nations, through its International Open Source Network (IOSN) will organize the first annual Software Freedom Day on Saturday in an effort to educate Asian users "
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin knew it wouldn't be easy to explain the sponsorship scandal to Canadian voters.
Hopes of saving the National Hockey League season all but vanished Tuesday when players and team owners rejected proposals to end the labor dispute.
"First Reserve Corp., the largest private buyout firm specializing in energy-industry investments, agreed to buy a unit from Ingersoll-Rand Co."
India's Kerala state to build a technology-friendly city for global investors.  Also: Intel continues its expansion in the Indian city Bangalore   hellip;. Sirius Satellite scores a hard-charging CEO   hellip;. and more.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has ruled out acting as the white knight for business software 
"President Bush has been saying that the US economy has ''turned the corner. quot; Democratic presidential candidate Senator John F. Kerry, in the wake of this month's poor jobs report, quipped that it was more like a U-turn."
Its become a familiar mantra: One game at a time. One week at a time. One game at a time . . . Todays 1 pm game against the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette 
AP - Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing on Friday after determining that a nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China.
"After an unprecedented span of just five days, SpaceShipOne is ready for a return trip to space on Monday, its final flight to clinch a \$10 million prize."
Cingular Wireless will divest itself of wireless customers and other assets in 13 U.S. markets as a requirement for its \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc.
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar paused from recent heavy  selling on Wednesday, holding near overnight levels against the  euro and the yen as investors brushed aside revised data that  confirmed sluggish growth in Japan's economy."
"The brawl has been over for four days, but there #39;s still plenty to fight about. There was action on several fronts yesterday as the players, the teams, the fans, and law "
THERE has been no sudden and dramatic change in the gold price or the Australian dollar price against the US dollar to account for a deterioration in Sons of Gwalia #39;s gold reserves serious enough to tip the company into administration.
Maurice Greene will be seeking belated revenge after losing his Olympic 100 meters title to Justin Gatlin when the two Americans meet in an international meeting Thursday.
The prosecution said it had found contamination in DNA  quot;control quot; samples intended to guarantee that testing was accurate.
"IBM has unveiled today a new POWER5 system, the eServer i5 550, aimed at mid-sized businesses. The eServer i5 550 features a new Solution Edition, an offering now available with select software vendors. The new eServer i5 also delivers new capabilities ..."
"Coca-Cola will open its fridges to its rivals after it reached a landmark antitrust settlement on Tuesday with the European Union, China Radio International reported on Thursday."
A breakthrough in the way scientists make crystals could lead to a replacement for silicon in electronic devices.
"The enterprise-software company looks to better serve its 4,200 Asia-Pacific customers, as well as customers worldwide."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rallied to a record high  above \$55 a barrel on Friday on rising fears of a winter fuel  supply crunch and robust economic growth in China, the world's  number two user."
"BAIKONUR, KAZAKHSTAN - A Russian-US crew lifted off on a two-day journey to the international space station, where their first priority will be to fix a broken generator."
"College football: Bryant at Bentley, 7 p.m. College hockey: Men -- Maine at Merrimack, 7 p.m.; UMass at Providence, 7 p.m.; Harvard at Brown, 7 p.m.; Air Force at Holy Cross, 7 p.m.; North Dakota at BC, 8 p.m. Women -- BC at Dartmouth, 5 p.m.; Brown at Maine, 7 p.m.;"
"US secretary of state, Colin Powell, and Israeli foreign minister, Silvan Shalom. Photograph: David Guttenfelder/ AP. Israel today assured Colin Powell, the US secretary of state, that it would do  quot;everything "
Taiwan #39;s 12th bid to enter the UN failed after the UN General Assembly decided on Wednesday not to include a proposal considering Taiwan #39;s representation in the body in its agenda.
"A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 has hit a wide area of Japan #39;s northern most main island of Hokkaido. Public broadcaster NHK says several people, including an elderly woman and a 13 "
"Reuters - A top U.S. envoy accused Serbian\Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica of not doing enough to arrest\leading war crimes suspects on Monday, saying Belgrade had\shown ""zero cooperation"" with The Hague war crimes tribunal."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Todd Walker homered, had three hits  and drove in four runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 12-5 win  over the Cincinnati Reds in National League play at Wrigley  Field on Monday."
"Virus writers have unleashed a second version of the  quot;Skulls quot; Trojan horse and packaged it with a cell phone virus, a security company has warned."
"October 24, 2004 - GameSpot have posted up a final preview of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, hitting the PS2 this week and the PC next year."
"Las Vegas Sands Corp. priced its initial public offering at \$29 per share Tuesday night, up dramatically from the company #39;s previous targets."
"AP - Germany's unemployment rate rose to 10.3 percent in November as the country's economy continued to plod along with near-zero growth, the government said."
"In his never-ending search for areas that need improvement, coach Tom Coughlin found one in the phase of the game he is known to emphasize: special teams."
"ABUJA : A final group of rebel field commanders arrived from the wartorn western Sudanese province of Darfur, clearing the way for the start of formal peace negotiations with the Khartoum government."
LONDON -- Britain has agreed to a US request to redeploy British troops from southern Iraq to an area closer to Baghdad. The british defence secretary made the announcement in the House of Commons.
Officials in New Delhi are cross about a Time magazine story that says that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will offer territorial concessions on Kashmir to Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf when they meet in New York Friday.
The world's first spacecraft to use a solar sail for propulsion is set to be launched from a submerged Russian submarine on 1 March next year.
"Truck maker Navistar International Corp. on Monday delayed its quarterly earnings report because of an anticipated restatement, although the company said the restatement was not expected to be material and gave an encouraging forecast."
"NEW YORK -- A Secret Service ink expert was acquitted yesterday of lying on the stand at Martha Stewart #39;s trial, a case the homemaking expert seized on in her bid to have her conviction thrown out."
One Chinese hostage held by Islamic militants dies and one is freed in a rescue mission by Pakistan's army.
"San Francisco's Green Festival is a cornucopia of environmentally conscious products and services, displaying everything from a corn-based disposable printer to hemp bars. Daniel Terdiman reports from San Francisco."
Reuters - Sweden handed over to a group of\Australian aborigines on Thursday the remains of about 20 of\their ancestors smuggled out of Australia almost 90 years ago\by a Swedish zoologist who pretended they were kangaroo bones.
"BORN blind, Mr David Blunkett had to work harder than most to become Home Secretary, which makes him one of the most powerful men in Britain."
The RIAA announced it has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software.  quot;The 750 new lawsuits were against  quot;John Doe quot; defendants not yet identified by the RIAA.
DENG Xiaoping loathed the cult of personality but that didnt stop Chinese Communist Party leaders falling over each other to idolise their late leader to mark the 100th anniversary of his birth yesterday.
"Reuters - Italy's power and industrial plants face\an uncertain start to 2005, as delays to its national carbon\emissions plan will force producers to start the new year\without their emission limits for the coming 12 months."
"AP - Rich Gannon will not return to the field for the Oakland Raiders this season because of a broken vertebra in his neck. The quarterback, who turns 39 in December, saw four of the country's top neck and spine specialists over the past couple of weeks and was told he shouldn't try to play again this year. But Gannon didn't rule out a return next season and wasn't ready to say he's going to retire."
"ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has lent its full support to United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan and wishes to see him complete his remaining tenure in office."
DALLAS -- Auto makers filed suit Tuesday to block California from forcing the companies to make cars and trucks that emit lower levels of global-warming gases.
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rose for the second day in  a row on Thursday with an Arctic blast forecast to hit the  United States next week, ramping up demand for heating fuels."
"Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan has defended plans to outlaw adultery that have outraged women #39;s groups and raised eyebrows in the European Union, which Turkey aspires to join."
PalmSource entered in an agreement with a major Chinese mobile phone software company China MobileSoft Limited (CMS) to acquire its operations.
"Sigmund Freud may have been right all along. Dreams really could be our unconscious minds giving us a glimpse of our deepest, darkest desires."
"AP - President Bush has been gaining ground among overall voters as a leader and the man to fight terrorism, but swing voters have been less impressed, a tracking poll suggests."
"Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (GT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US tiremaker, on Friday said it would report a third-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss "
"Reuters - America Online, the world's largest\Internet service provider, plans to offer its 23.4 million U.S.\subscribers a premium anti-virus software service, McAfee\VirusScan Online, for free in November."
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson insists Wayne Rooney will feel right at home in the Champions League. Rooney: Likely to start from the bench against Fenerbahce.
"Wireless-industry types like to talk about ""smart phones"" as if these souped-up, Internet-capable, multifunction cell phones all have the same IQ. But they don't.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"Reuters - AstraZeneca Plc suffered its third\setback in two months on Friday as lung cancer drug Iressa\failed to help patients live longer in a major clinical trial,\sending its shares down as much as 9.2 percent."
Brookstone met analyst estimates and has raised guidance for the all-important Christmas quarter.
Real Madrid #39;s Primera Liga match against Real Sociedad has been abandoned with the scores level at 1-1 after police received a warning that a bomb would explode at the stadium at 9 pm (8 pm British time).
"SAN FRANCISCO - Ten years after it was born out of the carnage of three California mass shootings, the federal assault weapons ban is fading out of existence Monday.    While manufacturers look for a boom in business as people buy up previously banned weapons like AK-47s, Uzis and TEC-9s, police chiefs warn of an upsurge in crime..."
"New perpendicular recording technology could lead to thinner, lighter, 80GB IPods."
"State laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the Supreme Court was told Tuesday as it "
"Canadian Press - NEW DELHI (AP) - Firefighters and police evacuated thousands of villagers and battled a huge fire Thursday in a government ammunition depot in the eastern Indian state of Orissa, police said."
"Aging but still on the go, climbing in and around craters, tapping into the mysteries of strangely cracked rocks, the two roving vehicles Spirit and Opportunity have explored Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled."
"IF YOU are heading for Japan in December, here #39;s something that you may want to include in your shopping list. Sony #39;s PlayStation Portable, which will mark the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant #39;s "
The Red Sox trotted out Berge Avadanian to make the ceremonial  quot;Play Ball quot; announcement before Game 5 of the American League Championship Series last night at Fenway Park.
The French Competition Council has rejected Virgin France #39;s claim that Apple #39;s FairPlay technology should be licensed to other companies #39; online music stores.
"AP - Eastman Kodak Co. is shutting three photofinishing labs in Spain and Norway, shrinking a fourth lab in Switzerland and eliminating about 300 jobs as the world's biggest film manufacturer bets its future on digital photography."
"Reuters - The father of a seriously ill baby girl\fought on Friday against a hospital's request to allow her to\die if she stops breathing, saying he and his wife were not yet\ready to let her go."
"Reuters - India successfully test fired a long-range nuclear-capable Agni II missile off its eastern coast of Orissa on Sunday, a defence ministry spokesman said."
"China has been accused of blocking access to Google News by the media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders. The Paris-based pressure group said the English-language news site had been unavailable for the past 10 days."
"So when he got an e-mail from gangsters threatening to bring his online sports betting operation to its knees, he paid up. Before long, though, the thugs wanted \$40,000."
A plan by Australia to extend its maritime security zone into New Zealand territorial waters has taken New Zealand by surprise. Australia #39;s Prime Minister John Howard says ships destined for Australia could 
"Exxon Mobil Corp. said Monday that executive vice president and board member Harry J. Longwell, 63, plans to retire at the end of the year after serving nine years as a director and 41 years with the company."
"More than 300 scientists from 15 countries, including Canada, have released a study that shows the pace of the Arctic ice melt is accelerating."
"Wouldn #39;t it be great if someone could combine Barnes  amp; Noble (NYSE: BKS), GameStop (NYSE: GME), Blockbuster (NYSE: BBI), and Trans World Entertainment #39;s (Nasdaq: TWMC) FYE music?"
"Imperial Oil Ltd. says it will shift its head office to Calgary from Toronto, with the move to the Alberta oilpatch affecting 1,500 employees and expected to be completed by next August."
"Finjan Software, the leading provider of proactive secure content management solutions for enterprises, announces today 10 serious security vulnerabilities discovered by Finjan #39;s Malicious Code Research Center (MCRC) in Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2 "
"World No. two, Amelie Mauresmo of France, had an easy win over Russian Vera Zvonareva at the three-million-US-dollar WTA Tour Championships."
"Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - Detroit Lions kick returner Eddie Drummond will miss the remainder of the season after fracturing his shoulder blade during Thursday #39;s 41-9 loss to the Indianapolis Colts."
"SanDisk Corp. on Tuesday introduced new high-end capacities of 4GB, 1GB and 2GB for its Memory Stick Pro, Memory Stick Pro Duo and SD storage cards, respectively, as well as an increase to 512MB for its miniSD and RS-MMC media for cell phones."
Don Fehr is always quick to say what #39;s said in baseball union meetings is confidential. That edict didn #39;t change this week when the executive board held what turns out to be a historic session on steroids.
"Sharp's LL-151-3D offers stereoscopic mode for viewing 3D models, but it'll cost you."
"LAS VEGAS - Bernard Hopkins, the 39-year-old boxing rebel without pause, not only continues to defy age but conventional fistic logic."
 DUSHANBE (Reuters) - Tajikistan on Saturday formally  granted Russian forces in the Central Asian state a permanent  military base in a move Russian President Vladimir Putin hailed  as a guarantee of regional security.
" NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees pitcher Kevin  Brown, who suffered a broken left hand Friday night when he  punched a wall after his start against the Baltimore Orioles,  could be lost for the remainder of the 2004 season."
"Of all the ICC Champions Trophies, this year #39;s at England was the worst in terms of timing. The weather was cold and with rain interrupting the flow of the game, it didn #39;t make for the excitement that a one-day game has."
"Derek Jeter, Hideki Matsui, and Bernie Williams each homered and the New York Yankees held on for an 8-7 victory over the Blue Jays last night in Toronto. Esteban Loaiza failed to make it out of the fifth inning in another poor start since being acquired from the Chicago White Sox in a July 31 trade for Jose Contreras."
A new tape of hostage Margaret Hassan broadcast on al-Jazeera TV station shows her pleading for her life.
"SearchGuy Partners for Paid Search, Updates Toolbar\\SearchGuy.com Inc., a creative provider of multi category search and advertising services announced it has partnered with Search123, a pay-per-click search engine that allows advertisers to list their sites, bid on keywords and receive targeted search traffic from hundreds of high quality content sites, ..."
"The chances of scientists making any one of five discoveries by 2010 have been hugely underestimated, according to bookmakers."
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said  Sunday elections would be held on schedule in January despite a  surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under  threat of death from insurgents.
"England will return to the Rose Bowl this morning hoping to find Hampshire #39;s delightful new ground bathed in sunshine, or in the middle of a deluge."
"A 19-year-old man has pleaded guilty to infecting thousands of businesses and U.S. government computers with the Blaster B virus.\\Jeffrey Lee Parson of Hopkins, Minnesot..."
"The Federal Communications Commission Tuesday proposed a record-setting \$1.2 million fine against 169 Fox television stations  for an April 2003 broadcast of ""Married by America"" that featured whipped-cream-covered strippers and digitally obscured nudity. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"AP - Juan Carlos Ferrero beat Fabrice Santoro on Saturday 6-3, 6-1, 1-6, 6-3 in a match that was suspended the day before due to darkness, and lifted Spain to a 1-1 tie with France in the Davis Cup semifinals."
A new report sees growing opportunity for the open-source operating system to displace Windows in small offices.
"Not expecting a rush of IT spending during the last three months of 2004, Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina said Thursday that IT buyers have become smarter and more discriminating in their IT purchasing than they were just five years ago, and that they now realize that technology spending can sometimes be a ""bad thing."""
"On Sunday, Venezuelans will decide whether to cut short the president's term, which is due to end in 2006."
but only after the NFL season ends. The Baltimore Ravens star will serve four months in a tough federal jail and two months in a halfway 
"The growth in electronic toys that sing, provide realistic sound effects and make other noises has led to yet another hazard for children, a consumer advocate group said Tuesday."
"For all the highlights he #39;s provided in a 33-game career, Michael Vick reminded the Atlanta Falcons that he can lay an occasional egg, too."
"A top Hong Kong opposition lawmaker said he was barred from entering China yesterday, an incident that may fuel anti-Beijing sentiment in upcoming legislative elections. Law Chi-kwong of the Democratic Party said the mainland government assured him he could visit for six days, in what seemed to be a conciliatory gesture by the authorities, who have branded pro-democracy figures here ..."
"AP - If Sen. John Kerry is elected, his presidency is likely to bring a sharp shift in White House direction  #151; along with pragmatic backpedaling on some of his boldest campaign promises."
"Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, reached an agreement with pilots to increase work hours and reduce pay ahead of tomorrow #39;s deadline set by Chief Executive Giancarlo Cimoli, union officials said."
"Coca growers protesting government plans to eradicate their cocaine-producing crop briefly held a group of European tourists visiting Inca ruins in the Andean city of Cuzco Tuesday, police said."
"The Connecticut Sun spoiled Sue Bird #39;s return Sunday and pulled into first place in the process. Bird had nine points, seven assists and five rebounds in front of her former hometown "
TechWeb - A mediator in the Mambo-Furthermore open-source fracas said Tuesay he is  quot;cautiously optimistic quot; that the two sides can reach a settlement.
"A bugging device has been discovered at Sinn Fein #39;s offices in west Belfast, the party said. The listening equipment was found after staff searched all premises following an earlier find at the home of a member "
"AP - For the first time in years, Duce Staley didn't mind being pulled from a game. As Steelers fans chanted, ""Duce, Duce, Duce"" during his third consecutive 100-yard game Sunday, Staley sat down late in the third quarter of Pittsburgh's 34-23 victory over Cleveland and never returned."
"Software maker Open Text Corp. (OTC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a weaker fourth-quarter profit on Tuesday and warned its current quarter will come "
"Bank of America Corp., which operates 25 branches in San Antonio, plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs, from its work force."
"AP - Vijay Singh and Mike Weir provided a preview of the Ryder Cup, even though neither of them will be playing at Oakland Hills this week."
"Schedule: Semifinals (today), Washington vs. Stanford, 5:30 pm (tape delay on ESPN2 at 8); Minnesota vs. USC, 7:30 pm (tape delay on ESPN2 tomorrow at 1 pm)."
"Delta reached a tentative agreement with its pilots' union Wednesday night on wage and benefit cuts, averting a threatened bankruptcy filing, at least for now."
AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie Ahern were meeting Northern Ireland's main Protestant and Catholic leaders as efforts intensified to seal a comprehensive power-sharing deal in the province.
"An Australian detainee being arraigned Wednesday before a US military commission on charges of attempted murder and aiding al Qaeda met with his parents, their first visit together in five years."
"Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of poisonous baby\cane toads invaded an Australian national park on Friday,\hopping around in such numbers that the ground seemed to move,\an ecologist said."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.46 percent  by late Tuesday, setting the stage for an eighth straight day  of losses after oil prices topped \$50 a barrel, fanning  concerns about Japan Inc's prospects."
"AFP - Ten miners died and about 20 were injured after a gas explosion ripped through a pit in central Siberia trapping dozens of miners, the Interfax news agency reported citing a spokesman for the local government."
Oxford University succeeds  in gaining a continuation of a wide-ranging injunction against animal rights activists.
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday agreed  to a sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker  Oracle Corp., relenting after a 18-month takeover saga marked  by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of  PeopleSoft's chief executive."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The American death toll in Iraq  topped 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after President Bush  launched the war that has become a central issue in the  November U.S. presidential elections."
"Reuters - Scientists said Wednesday they have\identified key genes involved in the body's response to HIV,\which causes AIDS -- a finding that could narrow the search for\an effective vaccine against the deadly illness."
Ben Roethlisberger became the first rookie quarterback in 34 years to start a season with seven straight wins and Jerome Bettis got two touchdowns as the Pittsburgh Steelers beat the Cleveland Browns 24-10 Sunday.
" SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - England's Paul Casey fought off  the demons of regret to help steer his team to within a stroke  of the WGC World Cup first round lead Thursday."
"Victorian-born golfer Mark Hensby charged into a tie for second after the first round at the Funai Classic at Disney World, before revealing he would skip next month #39;s Australian Open to play in South Korea."
"SWsoft, a company that lets a Linux server be subdivided into independent partitions, is ready to begin testing a Windows version of its product."
"An Olympic Airlines flight from Athens to New York was forced to land Sunday at London #39;s Stansted Airport  quot;on a full emergency, quot; a spokeswoman said."
"Britain #39;s inflation rate dropped to 1.3 in August as lower clothing prices helped to keep it well below the Bank of England #39;s target, official figures showed today."
AFP - Japan's government said it was trying to confirm news reports that the Islamic militant group of Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi had taken a Japanese citizen hostage in Iraq and threatened to behead him.
"UNITED NATIONS Annan backs US bid on Sudan resolution Secretary General Kofi Annan yesterday threw his weight behind a US-drafted resolution on Sudan's Darfur region, saying the Security Council should adopt it immediately to stop atrocities.  quot;It is urgent to act now. Civilians are still being attacked and fleeing their villages as we speak, quot; Annan told reporters of the resolution ..."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jolbert Cabrera's two-run single with  two out in the eighth lifted the Seattle Mariners to a 4-2 road  win over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday, while Ichiro  Suzuki collected another hit in his record bid."
" VIENNA (Reuters) - Nuclear talks between the EU and Iran  will resume in Paris on Nov. 5 with Tehran facing a looming  deadline to agree to freeze uranium enrichment or risk referral  to the U.N. Security Council, diplomats said on Thursday."
"Pinch-hitter Robin Ventura hit his 18th career grand slam to tie Willie McCovey for third place on the career list, Hideo Nomo won for the first time in 11 decisions and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 8-2 Tuesday night."
"LONDON -- Enterprise software giant Oracle Corp. may be known for big plans and bold moves but when it comes to capturing the European market the Redwood Shores, California, company has realized it also has to think small."
"AP - Numbers don't define Julius Peppers. He simply won't let them. Yet they follow him, and to everyone outside of the Carolina Panthers, they seem to measure his success. A lot of sacks means a good season, a mediocre number equals a down year."
"Reuters - The U.S. Army is laying the groundwork\to let Halliburton Co. keep several billion dollars paid for\work in Iraq that Pentagon auditors say is questionable or\unsupported by proper documentation, the Wall Street Journal\reported on Friday."
DNA from seized ivory could help conservationists and police identify hotspots where elephants are in particular danger from poachers.
"\\The other day I blogged about setting up SSH proxies .  \\It turns out this is only 90 correct. You need to specify a timeout for the\'nc' command or they will block forever on your proxy machine and then you'll\run out of processes.\\The new command is \\""nc -w 60 h p ""\"
The Minneapolis-based National Institute on Media and the Family has just released its annual video game report card in Washington.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has been rushed into the intensive care unit of a Paris hospital. Mr Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated but aides said the implications were not serious.
"SEATTLE - Members of the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 376 in Pierce County approved a three-year contract Wednesday night that will affect 4,500 people who work for Albertsons, Safeway and Kroger-owned QFC and Fred Meyer."
"BOSTON -- Looking to share some of the magic that propelled the Boston Red Sox to their first World Series title in 86 years, US President George W. Bush enlisted a fan favourite to deliver his pitch while Democratic Sen."
The three largest computer makers spearheaded a program today designed to standardize working conditions for their non-US workers.
"Reuters - Global sales of semiconductors\rose 1 percent in July as consumer uncertainty and swelling\inventories restrained the industry's pace of growth, the U.S.\Semiconductor Industry Association reported on Thursday."
"Mark Hughes is reportedly keen on becoming the new manager of Blackburn Rovers Football Club. The Ewood Park club have been looking for a new boss since Graeme Souness left for Newcastle United last week, and "
Microsoft chief Steve Ballmer brought his campaign to retain his company #39;s dominance in the Indian software market to the country #39;s leadership yesterday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled broadly on Friday  after data showing a record U.S. trade deficit in June cast  fresh doubts on the economy's recovery and its ability to draw  foreign capital to fund the growing gap.
"Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. HOUSTON, Texas, United States of America -- Shaquille O #39;Neal collected 17 points and seven rebounds in his debut "
Pop producer Phil Spector is indicted on a charge that he murdered an actress at his home 19 months ago.
"com October 19, 2004, 8:27 AM PT. Singer Robbie Williams #39; greatest hits album arrives in music shops today--as well as some phone shops."
"It was the starting point for dozens of commercial communications satellites, military spacecraft and pioneering space probes, including the first man-made object to journey outside our solar system."
"AP - Daryle Ward, Albert Pujols and Chipper Jones had big nights at the plate at the expense of National League pitchers."
"New Delhi: India, the world #39;s largest democracy, ranks 120th in the media freedom index of 167 countries with Denmark on top and North Korea at the bottom."
"There are plenty of reports on the final day of the Expos, how the city that no one in the United States felt deserved a team is finally losing it."
The company reports improving fundamentals and posts a 79 increase in Q3 earnings.
Negotiations between US Airways Group Inc. and its pilots union over labor concessions collapsed Monday. The airline is seeking \$295 million in annual concessions from pilots.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks recovered from earlier  losses and rose early Thursday afternoon, with National  Semiconductor Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NSM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;NSM.N&lt;/A&gt; shares surging after the chip maker  said problems with excess inventory in the distribution channel  are behind it."
"NASA scientists and their colleagues at the European Space Agency await the first reports from their spacecraft and probe, which will pass closer to Saturn's icy moon than ever before."
"New technologies will make existing information security measures obsolete over the next five years, according to analyst Gartner."
 quot;Application and subscriber-aware technology solutions like P-Cube #39;s provide the ability to differentiate and control new content-based data services.
The 51-year-old Scot has been given the St James #39; Park job after his predecessor was shown the door following a poor run of results.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks edged lower by midday on  Monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing  to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers such as  insurers and telecom stocks including KDDI Corp.
"The future of wireless looks to be a showdown in wireless 1Gbps (1 gigabit per second) technologyjust weeks after Siemens announced it was working on technology to transmit 1Gbps wirelessly, NTT DoCoMo announces the same thing."
"Long a forum for protecting endangered species like whales or tigers, a UN meeting in Bangkok next month will seek a wider role in regulating the "
"Halifax says price of average home fell 1.1 per cent last month. Bank not expected to act until next year. By Philip Thornton, Economics Correspondent."
"It is with the greatest pleasure that I write to you today. Our successes of late have been many and profound, and your advice has helped further our cause immensely. As Our Father Below requested, I have compiled a list of our recent successes and victories. It is difficult to express in words how excited I am at our prospects. "
"Here it comes. You can feel the rumbling of anticipation now. Just two games into the American League playoffs, we already have a colossal collision coming into focus."
"Palmone Inc. this week will unveil the Treo 650 smart phone, although the phone likely will not be available from carriers until later this fall."
Trying to authenticate documents or uncover forgeries is an increasingly technical pursuit.
Coca-Cola Co. is aiming to put the fizz back into its marketing as a key part of its turnaround strategy. Coke will boost its annual spending on marketing and developing new products by \$350 million to \$400 million beginning next year.
LONDON Barclays said Wednesday it would buy the US credit card company Juniper Financial for \$293 million as part of its international expansion plan. 
"The governments of France, Germany and Britain are studying a letter delivered Sunday by Iran in which it pledged to suspend uranium enrichment activities temporarily in "
"LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Malcolm Glazer, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner, has upped his stake in UK soccer organization Manchester United (UK:MNU) to 28."
" ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, his first gold medal  safely gathered in, eased through the next phase of his  monumental Olympic challenge in the heats of the 200 meters  freestyle Sunday but the immensity of the task ahead was clear."
AP - No. 84 was back at practice for the Minnesota Vikings on Wednesday.
"New Zealand is to amend its laws so that babies born there to non-resident parents do not automatically receive citizenship. Internal Affairs Minister George Hawkins says of the 57,000 babies born each year "
Hank Kuehne and Jeff Sluman combined to fire a 10-under-par 62 and join Steve Flesch and Justin Leonard at the head of the Franklin Templeton Shootout leaderboard.
RAMALLAH: The wife of jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi said last night she was registering him to run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.
"Scientists say changes in the earth #39;s climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced "
JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered the army to step up its war on Palestinian militants before a planned withdrawal from Gaza Strip.
Jenson Button #39;s Formula One future should be decided on Saturday at a hearing that will also determine several other drivers #39; hopes of racing next year.
"In the postgame scrum underneath Rutgers Stadium, Connecticut Coach Randy Edsall paused for a moment and reflected on that day in December 1998 when he began the daunting "
"Universal Pictures is among the first Hollywood studios to announce its support for HD DVD, the high-definition optical disc format backed by a coalition of technology companies led by Toshiba."
"Arbitrators ruled Monday against the former limited partners of the Montreal Expos in their case against former controlling owner Jeffrey Loria, clearing Major League Baseball to move the franchise to Washington."
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Kyle Eckel rushed for a  career-high 179 yards and a touchdown to lead the Navy  Midshipmen to a 42-13 rout of the Army Black Knights in the  105th meeting of the storied rivalry between the service  academies from Lincoln Financial Field.
Is his mysterious three-wheeled cart a proto automobile? A remote-controlled robot? A rolling Renaissance computer? Follow the quest to rebuild Leonardo's 'impossible machine.' By Tom Vanderbilt from Wired magazine.
"Just five days before their season-opener against the New Orleans Saints, the New York Jets shuffled their secondary. Cornerback Ray Mickens was placed on injured reserve on Wednesday, ending his season, while veteran cornerback Terrell Buckley jetted in."
An Afghan militant group threatening to kill three kidnapped foreigners said it was involved in negotiations through a mediator but denied extending the Wednesday deadline for their execution.
One Fool experiences more than two hours of lost pre-party productivity in a Barnes   Noble quest.
Telephone giant partners with electronics retailer to market voice over Internet Protocol offering.
"Multiplex Group, Westfield Group and the billionaire brothers Simon and David Reuben lodged their 585 million- pound (\$1.05 billion) bid for Chelsfield Plc, saying they expect the transaction to close in November."
"Reuters - Britain's WPP Group Plc has offered to\pay more than  #36;1.25 billion for advertising firm Gray Global\Group, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing an\unidentified person familiar with the matter."
"THE prosecution on terrorism charges of extremist Islamic cleric and accused Jemaah Islamiah leader Abu Bakar Bashir will rely heavily on the potentially tainted testimony of at least two convicted Bali bombers, his lawyers have said."
"San Francisco developer/publisher lands coveted Paramount sci-fi license, \$6.5 million in funding on same day. Although it is less than two years old, Perpetual Entertainment has acquired one of the most coveted sci-fi licenses on the market."
"Sun Microsystems Inc. has agreed to pay US\$92 million to settle a software patent lawsuit brought against it by Eastman Kodak Co., Sun announced Thursday."
"Jamaal Tinsley put up the biggest numbers, but he reserved his biggest praise for the old newcomer. Asked about Michael Curry #39;s contributions to the Indiana Pacers #39; 108-97 overtime "
" INTEL CORP.&lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;:"
The Consumer Product Safety Commission has recalled a total of nine different models because the printers can short circuit posing a shock hazard to users.
" SEATTLE (Reuters) - Got an iPod during the holidays?  Chances are, you're already shopping for the perfect case or  eyeing a new kit to plug your portable digital music player  into a car stereo system, while browsing the plethora of other  accessories available for Apple Computer Inc.'s &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  popular product."
"WASHINGTON - Deutsche Bank Securities has agreed to pay \$87.5 million to settle allegations that it issued stock research that was biased by its investment banking business, regulators announced Thursday as part of a crackdown on conflicts of interest on "
"Pilot Mike Melvill flew SpaceShipOne to the designated altitude, but on the return to Earth the craft rolled more than 30 times, causing concern on the ground."
"Most of the extrasolar planets discovered to date are gas giants like Jupiter, but their orbits are either much closer to their parent stars or are highly eccentric. Planet hunters are on the verge of confirming the discovery of Jupiter-size planets with Jupiter-like orbits. Solar systems that contain these ""good"" Jupiters may harbor habitable Earth-like planets as well."
"Under pressure from federal regulators, mortgage giant Fannie Mae has agreed to boost its reserve cushion against risk by several billion dollars."
"The Phillies have reportedly settled on former Indians manager Charlie Manuel to become the team #39;s 50th skipper, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported on its Web site Wednesday night."
"Its been a little while since I was last on the scene, my fellow Gooners and its fair to say that the last week or so has been pretty eventful to say the least."
"Kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan pleaded for her life in a tearful videotape Friday, saying she feared facing the same fate as British hostage Kenneth "
"Canadians are finally getting a taste of Apple #39;s iTunes. The legal music download service finally launched in Canada yesterday, bringing with it over 700,000 songs, exclusive tracks, celebrity playlists and multiple CD burning rights."
"NAJAF: Since his Shi #39;ite militia put down their weapons and ended their uprising in Najaf last week, Abdul Sahib has slept in a different house every night, hiding from revenge-seeking residents."
"The spring of hope, and the winter of despair. These are the mixed emotions that enunciate the prevailing paradox of our present society."
"Gary Neville insisted England must  quot;start again quot; this weekend to build for the 2006 World Cup, fuelled by the self-belief they can finally end almost 40 years of international under-achievement."
"The International Monetary Fund expects Israel #39;s economy to grow 3.6 percent by the end of this year, and 3.5 in 2005, according to the World Economic Outlook review released last week during Succoth."
"Reuters - Iraq is still too dangerous for Russian\companies to work there, President Vladimir Putin was quoted as\saying on Friday."
"An earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale, and a series of aftershocks rocked central Japan on Saturday, killing at least 10 people including four children, officials and reports said."
US mobile operators Sprint and Nextel are in talks about a \$70bn merger (36bn) according to newspaper reports. The deal would create the country #39;s third-biggest mobile operator which would have 38.5 million 
"InfoWorld - Macromedia on Monday is announcing Captivate, formerly known as RoboDemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations."
The Netherlands beat Germany 2-0 to win the Womens Field Hockey Champions Trophy. The win earned the country some compensation for losing the gold-medal showdown at the Athens Olympics.
"Robbie Williams #39;s new Greatest Hits album will be sold on memory cards, which can be inserted into cellphones and laptops and listened to in MP3 format."
"By Ed Edelson, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- A new anti-clotting drug for people having artery-opening procedures lowers the rate of complications, gets patients out of the hospital faster, and probably saves lives, a study finds.    And it saves money to boot, says Dr..."
"It was the third straight year that the numbers have fallen, although not nearly as much as in the previous two years.  quot;Nearly 7.4 million people reported just over \$30."
"AP - The European Union's head office decided Wednesday to take Germany to court to try to force changes in a German law protecting Volkswagen AG from hostile takeovers, according to an EU source."
"November 04, 2004 - We sometimes hear of big-name games being released simultaneously across the globe. Typically this means the game will be released on the same day in each supported territory, although "
"Australian Prime Minister John Howard (2nd L) sits next to (LR, round table) Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shiwanatra, Singaporean PM Lee Hsien Loong, Philippine President Gloria Arroyo, Myanmar Prime Minister Soe Win and Malaysian Prime Minister Abullah "
"President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Russia has no objection to Ukraine joining the European Union. If Ukraine wants to enter the EU and is welcomed there, then we can only be pleased, #39; #39; Putin "
"Kobe Bryant, the Los Angeles Lakers' star guard, got everything he wanted. Isn't that what everyone said last summer?"
"Reuters - U.S. chain store retail sales saw a\slight decline of 0.3 percent on a week-over-week basis. \However, on a year-over-year basis, the sales momentum remained\strong at 3.5 percent, a report said on Tuesday."
"Frances AMF market watchdog slapped a one million euro fine on Jean-Marie Messier, the disgraced former chairman of Vivendi Universal , on Tuesday following allegations the media firm had published misleading financial information."
"MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Vikings shut out Detroit in the second half and overcame a 12-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the sliding Lions, 22-19, yesterday, ending their three-game losing streak."
Sri Lankas emphatic victory over the South Africans must count among the finest in their cricketing history. Graeme Smiths side were taken apart with the efficiency of crew changing tyres at a car race.
"BAGHDAD - A 54-year-old Polish-born woman who was taken hostage in Iraq last month has been freed, according to Poland #39;s prime minister."
NOKIA #39;S SALES SLIDE has been halted according to figures released by the Gartner Group. The analysts predict Nokia #39;s share of the global market crept back to almost 30 per cent.
"Prime Minister John Howard has won control of both the upper and lower houses of parliament, clearing the way for the conservative leader to push through reforms including relaxing media ownership laws."
"Target Corp. Monday said it plans to build a regional distribution center in DeKalb - its first in Illinois - and employ up to 1,000 workers thanks to a \$9."
Reuters - The dollar recovered from record lows\against the euro and clung near two-week highs versus the yen\on Thursday after the Federal Reserve indicated it would press\on with its tightening campaign.
"Wells Fargo Securities raised the target price on PeopleSoft (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people ) to \$26, following Oracle #39;s increased bid of \$24 per share for the enterprise software company."
AN ARMY pilot attached to The Black Watch battle group was critically injured last night after being shot while at the controls of his helicopter.
"BOMBAY (AFP) - Reliance Industries Ltd, the petrochemical flagship of India #39;s largest private sector company, said second quarter net profit jumped 39 percent against a backdrop of surging oil product prices."
Scientists are selecting subjects to be locked in a self-sufficient capsule to test plans for a trip to Mars.
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it expects a 0.7 percent increase in November sales at its US stores open at least "
"Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod music player continues to help the company grow revenue at dizzying rates, leading Apple to its highest fourth-quarter revenue in nine years, the company said Wednesday."
"Maria Sharapova reached the last four of the Korea Open after beating Australia #39;s Samantha Stosur 6-2 6-1. Taking centre court after a four-hour rain delay, Sharapova overwhelmed Stosur to set up a semi-final meeting with Anne Kremer of Luxembourg."
Company says sales of the handheld gaming device are much better than expected.
"Australia is moving toward having the region #39;s most advanced missile strike capability, but the plan has prompted concerns in a region where the country "
A supposedly disorganized and uninspired Russian team that arrived for the World Cup of Hockey without some of its top stars suddenly looks like a contender.
"AP - North Korea said Monday that it will not give up nuclear development in light of unauthorized nuclear experiments by South Korea, where U.N. inspectors nuclear inspectors were conducting an investigation."
"com October 15, 2004, 10:55 AM PT. Japanese camera giant Olympus this week unveiled a portable hard drive music player that can also function as a camera."
"By VICKI SMITH, Associated Press Writer, The Associated Press. Penn National, based in Wyomissing, Pa., will pay \$47 per share for Argosy stock, or about 15 percent more than Wednesday #39;s closing price and assume \$805 million of Argosy #39;s long-term debt."
"Open-source software advocates got a potential boost from a report by the U.K.'s Office of Government Commerce, which cited advantages on the server side and a growing maturity on the desktop front."
"PARIS, Nov 12 (AFP) - The European Aeronautic, Defence and Space Company (EADS) will soon launch a bid for French defence electronics group Thales in a deal orchestrated by the French government, which owns just over 15 percent of EADS and 31 percent of "
A multi-million pound security operation today failed to prevent dramatic protests marring Tony Blairs Labour conference speech.
England have a huge problem: what on Earth are they going to do with Jonny Wilkinson? Their injured World Cup golden boy is expected to return for the Six Nations #39; Championship 
The spectre of a Manchester United takeover by American businessman Malcolm Glazer edged closer last night when sources close to the multi-millionaire said that he could trigger a 
"Russian spacecraft carrying a Russian-US crew successfully docked with the International Space Station (ISS) on Saturday morning. The Soyuz TMA-5, which was launched Thursday "
"Police have determined that a fourth member of the Pacers, reserve center David Harrison, was involved in the brawl at last Friday night's Indiana-Detroit game."
Canada #39;s major banks begin reporting third-quarter earnings this week and analysts will be looking to see whether they can repeat the strong showing from the second quarter.
ProLiant ML150 G2 offers a Xeon chip or two for small and medium-sized businesses.
"AP - Some 60 hippos have died from an unknown cause in the past two months in one of Uganda's national parks, an official said Tuesday."
"LONDON -- Britain, Australia, and a former US official, stung by criticism from UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, insisted yesterday that their countries' military action in Iraq was legal."
"&lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Franklin Paul&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) -  When the violent video game ""Grand\Theft Auto: San Andreas"" hits stores on Tuesday, its sales\could eclipse Hollywood's most successful films, even as it\draws the ire of critics.&lt;/p&gt;"
"Is there a  quot;Sunni problem quot; in Iraq, as the United States would like us to believe? If there is, it is entirely of Washington #39;s making."
" TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran on Saturday reiterated its call for  OPEC to pull supply back down to official quota levels and  mapped out a way to fund a long-promised production hike, a  newspaper reported."
"Victor Conte, who founded the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative, which is at the center of a federal investigation, says Marion Jones and Barry Bonds #39; trainer, Greg Anderson, received steroids produced by his lab."
Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou and their coach were charged yesterday with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and faking a motorcycle accident hours later.
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies, ruling that several major  online file-sharing software companies are not liable for  copyright infringement."
"TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Backup quarterback Wyatt Sexton led three long scoring drives in the second half, and Gary Cismesia tied a school record with five field goals in his college debut to lead 13th-ranked Florida State past Duke, 29-7, yesterday."
"AP - Barry Bonds hit a three-run shot for his 694th homer, but Chipper Jones' two-run drive helped the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 5-3 Friday night for their fifth straight victory."
"Reuters - U.S. consumers turned gloomier in\October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in\Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential\campaign."
"KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghanistan's first direct presidential election was thrust into turmoil hours after it started Saturday when all 15 candidates challenging interim leader Hamid Karzai alleged fraud over the ink meant to ensure people voted only once and vowed to boycott the results.    But electoral officials rejected the candidates' call to abandon the rest of the balloting, saying it would rob millions of voters of their chance to cast ballots and that they would rule later on the legitimacy of the election..."
AP - The House ethics committee unanimously concluded Wednesday that Majority Leader Tom DeLay appeared to link political donations to a legislative favor and improperly persuaded U.S. aviation authorities to intervene in a Texas political dispute.
" SALVO, North Carolina (Reuters) - A newly formed group of  athletes' representatives are meeting in Miami this week to  seek a larger voice in the development of athletics."
"AP - In a fitting end to the PGA Tour season, U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen closed with a 6-under 64 to win the Tour Championship on Sunday by four shots and become only the third player to overtake Tiger Woods in the final round."
"Developments in silicon carbide wafers may lead to a new world of fast, robust electronics."
"Pro Bowl linebacker LaVar Arrington underwent arthroscopic surgery in his right knee for a lateral meniscus tear yesterday and will probably be out 2-4 weeks, leaving the Washington Redskins, the league's top-ranked defense, without one of its most dangerous players."
"The Yankees had a chance to throw a party in their own home Thursday night, the kind where the champagne flows into everything but a glass."
"Ron Artest has been hit with a season long suspension, unprecedented for the NBA outside doping cases; Stephen Jackson banned for 30 games; Jermaine O #39;Neal for 25 games and Anthony Johnson for five."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The average U.S. retail price of  gasoline rose more than 5 cents in the past two weeks to more  than \$2 a gallon, its highest level since June, a leading  industry analyst said on Sunday."
Energy Secretary Vince Perez Thursday called on oil companies to reduce oil prices in two weeks #39; time following a decision by the Organization of Oil Exporting Countries (OPEC) to raise its supply quota by 1 million barrels a day.
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Avon Products Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AVP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;AVP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  posted a better-than-expected 33 percent increase in  third-quarter profit as business in Latin America and Europe  helped offset weakness in the United States for the direct  seller of cosmetics."
"BIRMINGHAM, Ala. Wachovia Corporation says it will build a 400 (M) million dollar data center off Lakeshore Parkway in Birmingham."
"BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) -- It would be fitting for the Houston Astros to clinch a playoff spot at Minute Maid Park, but they will have to do it without Roger Clemens."
"BAYER has formed an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with American drug-maker Schering-Plough. Drugs and chemicals group Bayer, which is in the midst of restructuring its business, said "
"The body of an Italian, who claimed to be with a British charity, has been displayed by Iraqi rebels who executed him after he crashed through a roadblock."
"Monsanto Co., a producer of Roundup herbicide and insect-resistant seeds, posted narrower fourth-quarter losses on Wednesday, but said lower Roundup herbicide sales in the United States hurt total quarterly revenue."
"Airlines at O #39;Hare Airport in September ranked fourth in on-time arrivals and 10th in on-time departures nationwide, according to federal figures released Thursday."
"You could rattle off the statistics, one after another, as the growing list of baffling facts begins to define the repulsiveness of this defeat."
"PIRAEUS, Greece -- It was a good two hours after FIFA president Sepp Blatter put an Olympic gold medal around the neck of US forward Abby Wambach and the significance of winning the final hadn #39;t truly sunk in yet."
"The Russian Olympic delegation joined the growing list of Olympic malcontents Tuesday, arguing that its two biggest stars got cheated in the gymnastics competition."
"An opposition movement refused to accept the results, raising prospects for more turmoil in the world's fifth-largest oil exporter."
"The counting of ballots from Afghanistan #39;s Oct. 9 presidential election began after a delay caused by allegations of voting irregularities, the country #39;s electoral commission said."
Mike Stoops knows all about winning. He was one of the architects of a defense that helped Oklahoma to the 2000 national championship.
The downpour that engulfed Saratoga somehow held off until just after Birdstone won the Travers Stakes on Saturday and solidified his credentials as the top 3-year-old in training.
"By LINDA A. JOHNSON    (AP) -- New research shows that teenagers who grow up in heavy air pollution have reduced lung capacity, putting them at risk for illness and premature death as adults..."
SHARM EL-SHEIKH: Bahrain last night reiterated His Majesty King Hamad #39;s offer to host an Iraqi political multi-sectarian conference in Manama.
"TEHERAN - Iran will probably give its formal response on Thursday to Britain, France and Germany on whether it will agree to a suspension of some of its nuclear activities in order to avoid possible UN sanctions, a top official told AFP."
Reuters - Oil prices struck another record high\on Thursday and remained supported above  #36;47 by a fall in U.S.\crude stockpiles and threats by insurgents in Iraq against oil\facilities.
" CHICAGO/PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Health care and consumer  products maker Johnson   Johnson is in negotiations to acquire  medical-device maker Guidant Corp., sources familiar with the  situation said on Tuesday."
"billion dollar class-action verdict. It was the largest award ever by an American jury. The smokers #39; lawyers, however, say the justices should reduce the amount if they think it is too large as long as they "
Reuters reported Thursday that Russian officials confirmed that Houston-based oil giant ConocoPhillips is interested in taking a \$2 billion stake in Russian oil major LUKOIL.
"PC World - Microsoft looks to new games, online gaming service to boost sales."
LONDON: French President Jacques Chirac said in a newspaper interview yesterday that Britain has gained nothing from its support for the United States-led invasion of Iraq.
Truck operators today called off their week-long strike after an agreement with the Government to form a committee to study the vexed service tax issue.
"AP - Armed men wounded one police officer at a refugee camp polling site in Pakistan, just hours before the Afghan refugees were to vote in their country's presidential election, police said Saturday."
"AP - The Christmas-themed movie ""Noel"" most likely won't be coming to a theater near you  #151; but if you miss it on cable, there's always the self-destructing DVD."
"Citrix Systems, Inc. a global leader in access infrastructure solutions has announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held Net6 Inc."
A federal court yesterday struck down as unconstitutional a path-breaking Pennsylvania law designed to prevent Internet users from seeing Web sites that contain child pornography.
"It is possible to trace users sharing unlicensed music files through their IP address, the Federal Court was told today by the major music labels #39; first witness in their civil case against peer-to-peer software provider Sharman Networks."
The pitching coach who has been in professional baseball for 40 years thought the ball was too low. The relief pitcher who has been on major league mounds for more than a decade feared it would bounce on the plate.
"For several years before and after Vioxx was approved for commercial use, executives of Merck (MRK:NYSE - news - research) were reportedly aware of ?"
"Hollywood movie studios, through the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), have today sued scores of operators of computer servers that help relay digitised movie files across online file-sharing networks."
"NEW YORK - Former President Bill Clinton was in good spirits Saturday, walking around his hospital room in street clothes and buoyed by thousands of get-well messages as he awaited heart bypass surgery early this coming week, people close to the family said.    Clinton was expected to undergo surgery as early as Monday but probably Tuesday, said Democratic Party Chairman Terry McAuliffe, who said the former president was ""upbeat"" when he spoke to him by phone Friday..."
"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have the Japanese authorities halt procedures to deport him, his lawyer said. "
"Former Medimmune executive Eric Tsao is expected to plead guilty Friday to securities fraud, a case legal experts say is the latest in a series against high-profile defendants who allegedly try to subvert investigations. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher against the euro  on Wednesday, after a downbeat outlook for European growth  prompted investors to buy back the U.S. currency after heavy  falls."
THE US recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of its effort to stamp out unauthorised trading of music online.
"WITH the future of Italy #39;s flagship carrier at stake, Alitalia is preparing to unveil a rescue plan at a crucial meeting with unions, revealing the number of planned job cuts aimed at averting collapse."
"Charline Labonte has served notice she wants to become the next starting goaltender of the Canadian women #39;s hockey team. The 22-year-old from Boisbriand, Que."
" ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Sudanese rebels insisted on  Tuesday that the government disarm its militias in Darfur  before they would sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million  civilians displaced by violence."
AP - It didn't take long for the new coaches of three soccer powers to make their marks.
"Going into 2004, experts were pointing to this as a turnaround year for the airline industry after three years of misery. No more."
A video tape posted on the Internet on Sunday shows British hostage Kenneth Bigley making a last appeal to Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet the demands of the militants holding him in Iraq before being beheaded.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
"MELBOURNE - Australian dairy group National Foods says it is in talks to take over food processing company SPC Ardmona, which has a market value of A\$380 million (\$408 million)."
"British troops are likely to be deployed outside southern Iraq for the first time in support of US troops in some of the worst trouble spots in the country, including Baghdad, it emerged last night."
AN Australian navy frigate has plucked 15 people to safety from a burning and sinking Indonesian boat. The dramatic rescue was made 200 nautical miles east of Singapore.
"washingtonpost.com - Federal regulators are stepping up their pressure on television stations to give up billions of dollars worth of airwaves in major markets around the country, saying the spectrum is urgently needed by local public safety officials."
"AP - Cat Osterman struck out 10 in six innings, Crystl Bustos homered and the United States completed a perfect run through the preliminary round with a 3-0 win over Taiwan on Friday, setting up a U.S.-Australia showdown in the semifinals."
"Qwest, the US telecoms company founded by Millennium Dome entrepreneur Philip Anschutz, will pay \$250m (140m) to settle civil fraud charges, according to a union official briefed on the pact."
"US troops and warplanes pounded Mehdi Army positions outside the Imam Ali mosque in Najaf early Sunday, US military officials said."
"HBOS #39;s decision not to bid for rival Abbey Nationalleaves just smaller targets for large British banks to buy in the UK, bankers and analysts say."
"AP - The ruling Fatah party chose Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority in Jan. 9 elections, a Palestinian official said. Abbas, 69, Arafat's longtime deputy as head of the Palestine Liberation Organization, has already been named head of the PLO."
Reuters - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan\Milosevic urged judges on Thursday to allow him to defend\himself at his war crimes trial as his court-assigned lawyer\said efforts to represent him had reached a dead end.
"Dec 6, 2004 - Orlando at Denver (9 pm EST). The Southeast Division-leading Magic try to extend their winning streak to four. Quentin Richardson, Suns, made eight 3-pointers and scored 37 points in Phoenix #39;s 121-99 victory over Portland."
France and Spain moved Monday to sink a controversial Italian-German plan to create holding centers in North Africa for would-be refugees.
"CHARLOTTE, NC - The Eli Manning Summer School took its first field trip last night, an outing designed to ramp up an educational process that is reaching a critical stage. "
"TORONTO (CP) - Montreal Canadiens winger Pierre Dagenais, who made headlines last week when he said he #39;d accept a salary cap if it settled the NHL lockout, showed up Tuesday at the NHL Players #39; Association meeting."
"The decision by Marwan Barghouti, an imprisoned Palestinian leader, to run for president of the Palestinian Authority should be welcomed by all who want to see real democracy emerge in Palestine ( quot;Barghouti faces Fatah opposition, quot; Dec. 3)."
"A new British-based Formula One team is planned for the start of the 2006 season and may include Russia #39;s first-ever driver, the team #39;s co-founder said."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. housing starts unexpectedly  rose 0.6 percent in August to their highest level in five  months as low mortgage rates encouraged construction, but  permits fell more than anticipated, a government report showed  on Tuesday."
The women gymnasts are favored to make history and win gold Tuesday - a Wheaties box moment waiting to happen.
"Ask Jeeves Inc. (ASKJ.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the third-biggest US Web search provider, late on Monday unveiled MyJeeves, a new product that helps users personalize their Internet searches."
"DATATEC #39;s international arm has announced its second acquisition in as many weeks , with a 15,7m buyout of US based Solution Technology Incorporated (STI)."
"Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Sudan, awaiting word on whether it will be sanctioned by the international community, hopes for a ""reasonable decision"" from the UN Security Council, the foreign minister said Monday, the UN-imposed deadline for quelling violence in its western Darfur provinces."
"Some of the fizz is gone from the proposed merger between Molson and Golden, Colo.-based Adolph Coors Co. Molson has had trouble convincing institutional shareholders the Coors deal "
"Houston, Nov 22 - World number one and defending champion Roger Federer won an epic 20-18 tie-break to seal a 6-3 7-6 win over Marat Safin and place in the Masters Cup final."
"ST. LOUIS -- Don't look now, but there's a bit of drama building in the  quot;other quot; League Championship Series."
"NEW YORK, September 15 (New Ratings) - JP Morgan Chase  amp; Company (JPM.NYS) has decided to cancel a \$5 billion IT infrastructure outsourcing agreement with International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), and plans to rehire about 4,000 employees "
Sudan #39;s rebels and government broke off internationally brokered peace talks for the bloodied Darfur region Wednesday after three weeks with little progress and no deal.
"The latest generation of mobile phones is vulnerable to hackers, a security conference is told."
"Regulators sign off on implantable tracking device to manage treatment of Alzheimer's, diabetes, heart disease, other conditions."
AP - High-end retailer Saks Inc. on Friday said it named Andrew Jennings as president and chief operating officer of Saks Fifth Avenue.
"Congress Wednesday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
I.B.M. is planning to close its employee pension plan to new employees at the end of the year and give all new workers a 401(k) plan instead.
"Microsoft Purchases GIANT Anti-Spyware\\Here's an interesting story. Microsoft, who's Internet Explorer browser is full of holes which make it able to accept browser programs and add-ons which  sometimes can be spyware, has now purchased an Anti-Spyware company. Something kind of stinks here. \\Why not fix Internet Explorer security holes ..."
Google #39;s (Nasdaq: GOOG) shares slid 3 Thursday as investors worried that the search-engine outfit may not be invincible after all.
"Universities scramble to deal with Microsoft's Service Pack 2 release in the same month that thousands of students are returning to campuses nationwide. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Britain #39;s retail sales unexpectedly bounced back last month as shoppers apparently shrugged off the Bank of England #39;s five interest rate rises since November.
"West Palm Beach - Annika Sorenstam has captured her eighth title of the 2004 on Sunday, beating Cristie Kerr in a play-off for the season-ending LPGA ADT Championship with a bogey on the first play-off hole."
"washingtonpost.com - Congress yesterday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock."
"This makes all kinds of sense, for despite decades of hard work crunching numbers for movers (two transportation companies), shakers (two governors) and, since 1990, Starbucks, Orin Smith doesn #39;t have any plans to stand still."
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Quarterback Brett Favre celebrated his 200th straight start with three touchdown passes as the Green Bay Packers defeated the St.
"It's the hottest ticket in town, as dedicated fans flock to retailers to grab copies of Microsoft's new video game. The opening-day sales figures catapult the sequel to the top of the entertainment heap."
"LOS ANGELES A report says California #39;s economy will see solid growth next year, but danger looms. The quarterly UCLA Anderson Forecast says the state #39;s fortunes could change if the national economy falters "
"In the first major trial to test a drug only in blacks, an experimental drug developed by NitroMed Inc. added to standard therapy helped heart failure patients live significantly longer, researchers on Monday said."
Ziff Davis - Sybase is offering a free version of its leading enterprise database management system for Linux.
"The Packers said they had acquired quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan, 25, and a second-round selection in the 2005 draft from the Saints in return for McKenzie, 28, and a future conditional draft choice."
"Airbus SAS, the world #39;s biggest aircraft maker, plans to source more parts for its planes from China and to set up an engineering base there, the head of the company #39;s operations in the country said."
"From the ruins of a failed logging venture in Chile's Tierra del Fuego, an effort to manage and preserve the world's southernmost old-forest wilderness is about to begin."
"Evidence of the explosive hexogen was found on a Tu-134 jetliner that crashed in the Tula region south of Moscow, said Sergei Ignatchenko, spokesman for the Federal Security Service."
"AP - Seven Italians are preparing to return to Libya next month, invited by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 34 years after they were expelled along with thousands of others from the former North African colony."
" quot;A male suicide bomber blew himself up in a vegetable stall, quot; Tel Aviv police chief David Tzur told reporters. There were four dead including the bomber, a police spokesman said."
"General Motors Corp., the world #39;s largest automaker, announced Tuesday that the 1,100 remaining workers at its Baltimore assembly plant will lose their jobs "
" TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose one percent in  early Friday trade after Japanese GDP data, although weak,  confounded some players' fears of a contraction and drew buyers  back to brokers and tech shares."
Number Ten Ox writes  quot;According to The Register the BBC wants help to develop their open source video codec Dirac.  #39;Lead developer Dr.
"The Blues is alive and well in the Philippines, as evidenced by this appreciation of the Pinoy Blues band 'Lampano Alley', penned by columnist Clarence Henderson as a counterpoint to his usual economics, business, and culture fare."
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India failed to agree on the text of the draft agreement on advance notification of missile tests as the expert-level meetings on nuclear CBMs concluded here on Wednesday.
"Film and television studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. (MGM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it agreed in principle to be acquired by a consortium led by Sony Corp."
A humbled Google Inc. makes its market debut on the Nasdaq exchange this morning after raising \$1.67 billion in an initial public offering that fetched about half of what the Web search company had previously estimated.
"AP - Marion Jones made a quiet debut, drawing a smattering of applause while advancing to the long jump final. Allen Johnson attracted the eyes of the entire Olympic Stadium, for all the wrong reasons."
"ABUJA -- The US declaration that Sudanese government-allied militiamen have committed genocide in the Darfur region is a ''big mistake quot; that could hinder peace talks and undermine the role of African states mediating the 19-month conflict, Sudanese government officials said yesterday. The announcement by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Thursday that the killing, raping, and displacement of black Africans ..."
"AP - Three got medals, and Paul Hamm got mad. The United States upped its gymnastics medal haul to seven Sunday night, the most since the Americans won 16 at the boycotted Los Angeles Games in 1984. And they might not be finished yet."
Google has fixed a security flaw in its Gmail web-based e-mail service that allowed attackers to hijack users #39; e-mail accounts.
" UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Rwanda, appearing before the  U.N. Security Council, denied again on Wednesday that it had  sent soldiers into neighboring Congo in pursuit of Hutu rebels  but acknowledged it had massed troops along the border."
Company goes head-to-head with MySQL and PostgreSQL with a free version of its ASE database for Linux.
Executives from 28 companies in the United States and Europe today faced the cameras and pledged their intention to work together to build interoperable systems for the Defense Department and other government agencies.
" HOUSTON (Reuters) - A team of market forecasters that  correctly predicted the oil bust of the 1980s thinks history  will not repeat itself, at least for now."
"AP - After delivering a pep talk designed to energize troops preparing to head for Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld got a little ""talking to"" himself from disgruntled soldiers."
A change of coach and a change of attitude have helped Marat Safin return to peak form and the Russian number one is now aiming at the Masters Cup with real optimism.
The 21-year-old Belgian former world No 1 announced the split on her website but did not divulge any further details about the break-up of her long-term relationship with the 23 
"MOSCOW - The Russian-US crew of the International Space Station (ISS) went on a five-hour space walk overnight to carry out maintenance work, Russian space officials said Saturday, quoted by ITAR-TASS news agency."
"Reuters - The U.S. current account deficit\widened slightly to a record  #36;164.71 billion in the third\quarter as the goods trade shortfall grew and the services\surplus shrank, the government said on Thursday."
"INDIANAPOLIS ATA Airlines is denying reports that it wants to sell its gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport. The Indianapolis-based airline released a brief statement from chairman J-George Mikelsons, saying "
"SANAA, Yemen -- Yemen's former interior minister helped the alleged mastermind of the attack on the USS Cole to pass through security checkpoints in the months before the 2000 bombing, according to a document read out in court yesterday by a lawyer for five of the accused plotters."
"IBM is in talks to sell its personal computer manufacturing business which, if successful, would mark the end of an era in the brief history of the PC, a machine the company helped to invent."
"AP - Tiger Woods came up empty in a major again, but he's still the No. 1 ranked player in the world."
"For virtually his entire adult life, Yasser Arafat had one dream, and he pursued it with such energy and zeal -- some would say fanaticism -- that he came to personify the dream itself."
"New York, NY (Sports Network) - The NBA has decided to postpone the pre-season game the Utah Jazz were scheduled to play in Russia because of security concerns."
"Nawabshah, the hometown of the incarcerated spouse of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto, Asif Zardari has now become an international focal point following Sundays incident in which "
Those were the exact words uttered by Red Sox pitcher Pedro Martinez in an interview that appeared in the World Series DVD released late last month.
"Microsoft will hire hundreds of new staff for its operations in Hyderabad, south India over the next 12 months. The company #39;s chief executive officer, Steve Ballmer said the hiring of more staff for its software "
"On Wednesday, 44 North Korean defectors entered the Canadian Embassy in Beijing. There are points worth noting regarding the timing and size of this incident."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were little changed on  Wednesday as high crude prices drove up shares of energy  companies, but profit warnings dragged on such sectors as auto  parts and semiconductors."
Just hours after President Vladimir Putin sent Gazprom shares soaring by indicating he backed ending the long-derided dual trading system for the gas giant #39;s shares 
"TV addicts need never again be far away from their next digital telly fix, thanks to a chip being developed by Texas Instruments (TI) for mobile phones."
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 lawsuits against users who were using file trading programs to download music over the internet.
"ISLAMABAD, PAKISTAN - A suicide attacker detonated a bomb at a Shia mosque in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore Sunday, killing at least four people."
"The hundreds of pages of new rules redefine the criteria for which administrative, professional and managerial workers qualify for overtime."
"ATHENS - Australia won the Olympic men #39;s hockey title for the first time in history on Friday, beating defending champions the Netherlands 2-1 with a golden goal."
The Foreign Service officer is suspected of improperly passing documents to Taiwanese intelligence agents.
"SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Dozens of Michael Jackson's fans pressed against a chain-link fence outside court Monday, staking out viewing spots hours before the pop star was to arrive to face off against the prosecutor who has pursued him for years on child molestation charges..."
"Harmony, which is incorporated in version 10.5 (and will also be in the next version of the RealRhapsody music service), allows the player to manage Digital Rights Management (DRM)-protected "
The prospect that Chinese exports will soon overwhelm the worldwide clothing market was thrown into doubt yesterday after Beijing announced it will tax its shipments of textiles and apparel once the global market is liberalized Jan. 1.
Cameroon's President Paul Biya confirms that he will stand for re-election in next month's polls.
"BAGHDAD: At least 24 people, including eight US Marines, were killed in Iraq suicide bombing and fighting. An al-Qaeda-linked suicide bomber blew up his vehicle on Monday near cars waiting to enter the Green "
"House prices grew by just 0.1 in August, their weakest in almost three years, the Nationwide said yesterday, providing further evidence that the house price boom has hit the buffers."
"Severn Trent, the UK environmental services group, said it intended to raise its interim dividend by 2.5 per cent to 18.21p despite a 10 per cent fall in pre-tax profits to 126.2m (\$239m) for the six months to 30 September."
"Reuters - Russia's military will test a\new-generation rocket booster this week that could eventually\be used to launch civilian cargoes into space, Itar-Tass news\agency said Monday."
The product is designed to let companies manage years of e-mail messages on a single networked storage system.
"JAPANS two biggest steelmakers admitted for the first time yesterday that they were unable to satisfy demand, forcing Nissan, the carmaker, to cut its fourth-quarter production target by 30,000 vehicles."
"Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle "
"Manhattan, KS (Sports Network) - Kansas State guard Dez Willingham will not return to the men #39;s basketball team for the upcoming season."
ABUJA : Sudanese government envoys sat down with leaders of the rebellion in the western Darfur region as African Union peace talks took off here with a likelihood of bitter rows over security arrangements.
"WASHINGTON - A London-to-Washington flight was diverted to Maine on Tuesday when it was discovered passenger Yusuf Islam - formerly known as singer Cat Stevens - was on a government watch list and barred from entering the country, federal officials said.    United Airlines Flight 919 was en route to Dulles International Airport when the match was made between a passenger and a name on the watch list, said Nico Melendez, a spokesman for the Transportation Security Administration..."
"Billed as the biggest urban fight since Vietnam, US forces in Iraq launched a major assault at nightfall."
"Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Paul Broadhurst carded a three-under 68 on Saturday to hold onto a share of the lead after the third round of the Open de Madrid."
Fighting continues in Najaf even though Iraq #39;s Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has made a final call to Shi #39;ite militants to lay down their weapons and leave the holy Imam Ali shrine in Najaf. Militants threaten to kill a Turkish hostage and missing American ...
"Reuters - American Airlines on Thursday said it\will begin testing onboard food sales to coach passengers in\September on a handful of flights, including several in the\Dallas and New York markets."
"Palestinians pray at the grave of leader Yasser Arafat at the Muqataa, Arafat #39;s destroyed headquarters, in the West Bank town of Ramallah Nov. 15."
"A U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded Friday when their patrol was attacked with a homemade bomb, the U.S. command said in a statement."
"On a night when a disqualification was posted, protested, counterprotested twice and ultimately tossed out, the American swimmers claimed their largest medal haul of the meet so far. "
Scientists have discovered that the sweetness of revenge may have a neurological basis. A Swiss brain imaging study shows that punishing people when they behave unfairly 
"Texas Instruments has announced development of the wireless industry #39;s first digital TV on a single chip for mobile phones, code-named  quot;Hollywood quot;."
"WASHINGTON -- Cingular Wireless has urged communications regulators to reject a request by rival Nextel Communications Inc. to lower the cost of its plan to swap airwaves with the government, which is aimed at reducing interference with public safety communications."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales increased by 0.1  percent in November, the Commerce Department said on Monday,  slightly stronger than expectations, while the previous month  was revised sharply higher."
Linux reseller Red Hat said Thursday it was buying some Netscape assets from America Online for \$20.5 million in cash. The Raleigh-based company said it would acquire Netscape Directory Server and Netscape 
"Irelands government has granted British hostage, Kenneth Bigley, an Irish passport; responding to his family #39;s calls which hopes that stressing his Irish origin will convince his kidnappers to release him."
"In an alarming development, high-precision equipment and materials which could be used for making nuclear bombs have disappeared from some Iraqi facilities, the United Nations watchdog agency has said."
"Joliet, Illinois: New Zealander Scott Dixon finished seventh at the Delphi Indy 300 motor race yesterday. Dixon, the defending IRL champion, started the race 14th on the grid in his Target-Ganassi Toyota and "
"Reuters - SBC Communications  will cut\10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of 2005 using\attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in a filing\with U.S. market regulators on Friday."
"Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - Floating in the Atlantic Ocean, his life raft deflated, a man who has failed in his bid to row from the United States to England was counting on a Canadian search-and-rescue helicopter to pluck him from water Thursday."
"UK News, LONDON - Gerry Adams, the head of the IRA #39;s political ally has held unprecedented talks with Northern Ireland #39;s police chief amid frantic efforts to seal a lasting settlement in the London-ruled province."
"Q: Through downsizing, attrition, and layoffs, I'm the only English-speaking person left on my team. My two remaining co-workers are naturalized citizens. They both have a wealth of experience and seem to do a terrific job. The problem is, they now constantly speak in their native tongue. When they do address me, it's in broken English, resulting in frequent misunderstandings ..."
"DEERFIELD, Ill. -- Chicago Bulls forward Scottie Pippen said Tuesday he #39;s retiring after 17 years in the NBA. Pippen 39, teamed with Michael Jordan to lead the Bulls to six NBA titles in the 1990s."
"Apple couldn't ask for a better dilemma -- with nine days left until Christmas, retailers are reporting a run on the popular iPod digital music player. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
"After two days of discussion, the Knesset approved Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan yesterday. The plan envisages the Israeli army #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and four settlements in the West Bank."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush on Wednesday asked  Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow  agreed, ending a frenzy of speculation that the former railroad  executive and loyal Bush foot soldier was about to be replaced."
KABUL Hamid Karzai was formally announced the winner of the Oct. 9 presidential election by Afghanistan #39;s electoral board Wednesday after an international panel announced that irregularities it had investigated 
"Britain will run out of leading scientists unless science education is improved, says Professor Colin Pillinger."
"(Article Central) Microsoft has doubled the time that businesses can block Windows XP Service Pack 2 from downloading automatically, giving them until next April to test the update."
AP - The NHL accepted an invitation from the players' association on Thursday to return to the negotiating table in an effort to end the lockout that began nearly three months ago.
"Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said that ""major negligence"" by some military forces in Iraq led to the deaths of 49 Iraqi trainees."
"Iraqi interim leader Iyad Allawi is to meet EU leaders, but France's president says he is too busy to attend."
Microsoft is delaying distribution of Windows XP Service Pack 2 via its Automatic Update service by at least nine days in order to give corporate customers more time to temporarily block automatic downloading of SP2 by their employees. 
AP - Sen. Tom Harkin said Friday that he had a cancerous patch of skin removed from his forehead.
"Israel #39;s cabinet agreed on Sunday to free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials said."
Illinois Tool Works Inc. said it won #39;t proceed with its bid for UK-based Linx Printing Technologies Plc after Danaher Corp. said it may offer 15 percent more for the company.
"NICOSIA - Israeli fighter jets mistakenly buzzed a Swiss aircraft close to Cyprus before intercepting a German airliner and forcing it to land on the island because of a bomb threat, officials said."
"Phnom Penh, Oct. 12 (VNA) - Cambodias acting Head of State Chea Sim on Monday signed a Throne Council bill, paving the way for the appointment of a successor to King Norodom Sihanouk, who announced his retirement on Oct. 7. Earlier on Oct."
"Global internet watchdog, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), at the weekend announced the commencement of its new inter-registrar domain name transfer (DNT) policy, just as it has settled over 10,000 domain name disputes "
The failure to expense stock options is causing distortions and inefficiencies in U.S. labor and capital markets.
"Russia #39;s refusal to cooperate with the West to ensure a fair election in Ukraine signals that Moscow is slipping back to Soviet-style tactics, a senior Polish diplomat was quoted Wednesday as saying."
"Reuters - Militants behind the deadly\bombing of Australia's Jakarta embassy have a second group\poised for attack, Australia's top policeman warned as Canberra\said on Saturday all its diplomatic missions would be made\bomb-proof."
"ARM Holdings, the UK microchip designer, has agreed to buy American technology firm Artisan Components in a cash and shares deal worth 500 million, although some analysts fear it may have dug too deep."
The deal calls for the withdrawal of Moktada al-Sadr's fighters from the Imam Ali shrine and a pullback of U.S. forces.
"SiliconValley.com - Don Listwin, chief executive of communications software maker Openwave Systems, is giving up the executive reins to throw himself into a personal crusade against cancer."
Aston Villa have revealed striker Darius Vassell has suffered a broken ankle and will be out of action for an  quot;extended period quot;.
"Luis Horna will clash with Juan Carlos Ferrero at the Madrid Masters after a first-round win over Hicham Arazi. The Peruvian broke Arazi to win the first set and, although the Moroccan recovered from 5-2 to "
"Peyton Manning will look to draw closer to NFL history on Sunday, when the quarterback leads his Indianapolis Colts into battle to face the visiting Tennessee Titans."
"The armed uprising against Israel is a mistake and must end, interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas said in an interview published Tuesday, signaling his determination to change direction after Yasser Arafat's death."
"WPP said on Sunday that it had won the bidding for Grey Global Group, the seventh-largest agency company, ending a summer-long takeover battle in which it outlasted Havas of France and a US private equity firm, Hellman Friedman."
"The profit report cards last week looked good both for the old-line stalwarts of the technology sector, but this is a technology recovery of seemingly diminished expectations."
"Europe #39;s first mission to the Moon, the unmanned probe SMART-1, has been safely placed in orbit around the Moon, the European Space Agency (ESA) announced on Tuesday."
"More bad news poured out of the Tommy Hilfiger Corporation yesterday, as the clothing company - facing an investigation by the United States attorney #39;s office in Manhattan - reported disappointing sales and declining operating margins."
Northern Ireland #39;s Graeme McDowell will take a three-shot lead into the weekend at the German Masters. The 25-year-old fired the round of the day at Gut Larchenhof - an eight-under 64 to take him to 11 under par overall.
The Indian tour of Bangladesh will go ahead after the national foreign ministry gave their stamp of approval after a thorough security assessment.
"NEWARK, NJ - Patrons of Donald Trump #39;s gambling halls probably won #39;t notice, but his casino empire is now in bankruptcy after months of negotiations with bondholders over a crushing \$1.8 billion debt."
"GAZA CITY - Two Islamic Jihad militants died in an Israeli air raid at Khan Younes in the Gaza Strip overnight, hospital officials said Sunday."
The deputy governor of Baghdad has been assassinated in a drive-by shooting in a southern neighborhood. Unknown insurgents gunned down Hatem Kamel Abdul Fatah on Monday morning while 
" TORONTO (Reuters) - Toronto Dominion Bank &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TD.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TD.TO&lt;/A&gt;, Canada's  second-biggest by assets, said on Thursday it would acquire a  majority stake of U.S.-based Banknorth Group Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BNK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;BNK.N&lt;/A&gt;,  while also boosting its dividend and reporting a 17-percent  rise in profits."
" FARMINGTON, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - World number one Vijay  Singh kept up his red-hot form when an eight-under-par 64 gave  him a three-shot lead after an incomplete first round at the  \$4.2 million Pennsylvania Classic Thursday."
"Troubles with the main oxygen generator aboard the International Space Station could force Fincke, 37, an Emsworth native, and cosmonaut Gennady Padalka to evacuate the orbiting outpost."
"Plugged into the tubes and puffing ventilators of a life-support machine far from home, his vitality draining away, this was not the end that Yasser Arafat saw for himself."
"SAN FRANCISCO - Candlestick Park, home of the San Francisco 49ers National Football League team, was renamed  quot;Monster Park quot; today in a US\$6 million (\$9."
Many NHS patients could soon be able to make an appointment to see their GP over the internet.
"90 mins Arsenal #39;s woes on their travels in Europe continue as they fail to secure the win, settling for a draw against a well organised Panathinaikos."
" JAKARTA (Reuters) - Southeast Asian nations, Australia and  New Zealand hope to conclude a free trade agreement (FTA) by  2007 after beginning formal negotiations next year, Australian  Trade Minister Mark Vaile said on Sunday."
" NAIROBI (Reuters) - Ethiopian-backed warlord Abdullahi  Yusuf was elected Somali president by lawmakers on Sunday,  officials said, in the 14th attempt in a decade to restore  government to the lawless African country."
"A militant group in Iraq, the Armyof Ansar al-Sunna, said in a statement on its website on Saturdayit beheaded an Iraqi man it accused of collaborating with USforces."
"At a time when the nation's wireless companies are increasingly desperate for more airwaves to serve its customers, little-known NextWave Telecom Inc. has networks up and running in 26 markets but has never served a single paying customer. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Opposition Leader Mark Latham has accused Prime Minister John Howard of running a scare campaign after Mr Howard warned interest rates would rise under Labor.
Juan Pablo Montoya left his first job in Formula One by winning Sunday #39;s season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix. David Coulthard #39;s last race for the McLaren team after nine seasons ended in disappointment.
"Employers' health premiums rose 11.2 percent this year, according to a benchmark study released yesterday that reinforces voter concerns about the US healthcare system."
"The move to play the men #39;s final at the Australian Open under floodlights next year was aimed at showcasing the tournament to the Asian and European markets, chief executive Paul McNamee said on Tuesday."
"Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., which has lost US patent protection on eight of its drugs since 2000, said third-quarter earnings fell 16 percent as costs rose and sales of the Pravachol cholesterol treatment fell."
"While standing in a queue for what proved to be an undercooked cheeseburger, the script for Sunday afternoon #39;s Insider report was suggested."
"Two NHL players were arrested and charged overnight with uttering death threats and were due to appear in court in Toronto this morning, police say."
"Tender offer could be trimmed by a third, given PeopleSoft's business prospects, top Oracle exec Safra Catz tells a court."
"Ron Zook, head coach of University of Florida football, has been fired, according to ESPN and First Coast News in Jacksonville, Fla."
"CHIBA, JAPAN -- Hitachi Ltd. and Toshiba Corp. unveiled this week new fuel cell prototypes for a range of applications that could be commercialized as early as next year."
Berti Vogts quit as Scotland #39;s national soccer coach after a run of results left the team unlikely to qualify for the 2006 World Cup in his home country of Germany.
"THE fastest-swivelling space science observatory rocketed into orbit yesterday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions, which astronomers believe represent the birth screams of black holes."
AFP - French President Jacques Chirac said that he would immediately dispatch his foreign minister to the Middle East to help negotiate the release of two French journalists kidnapped in Iraq.
"FILDERSTADT, Germany (Ticker) - A day after struggling in her first appearance as the world #39;s top player, Amelie Mauresmo swept into the semifinals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix on Friday."
"While the world #39;s best athletes fight the noble Olympic battle in stadiums and pools, their fans storm the streets of Athens, turning the Greek capital into a huge international party every night."
"You don #39;t lose to the Bengals. It simply isn #39;t done. Not on Monday night, not on Sunday afternoon, not on Oct. 25, not on the 12th of Never."
" BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb attack targeting  Iraq's environment minister killed four of her bodyguards on  Tuesday, while a separate blast near the education minister's  convoy killed one bodyguard, police and government officials  said."
"REAL, Philippines -- Rescuers are battling to reach thousands of people left stranded in the Philippines, where storms have left 1,000 people dead or missing."
"AP - Tony Batista homered twice to reach 30 this season, Livan Hernandez pitched another complete game and the Montreal Expos beat the New York Mets 6-1 Tuesday night before just 3,839 at Olympic Stadium."
"PARIS : Eurozone indicators to be released in the coming week should confirm that the pace of economic growth slowed in the third quarter, economists say."
" quot;If they repeated history, then Java 1.3 should have been Java3 and Java 1.4 would have been Java 4 making Java 1.5 as Java5."
A virulent form of hepatitis that is especially lethal for pregnant women has broken out in two of Iraq's most troubled districts.
"Smithfield Foods Inc. (SFD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US pork producer, on Tuesday posted a 61 percent rise in quarterly earnings due to strong hog prices and the purchase of Farmland Foods last year."
"AMSTERDAM, Netherlands -- On the day of his cremation, hundreds of people laid flowers, candles and notes at the spot where controversial Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh was killed."
"Ring tones are so yesterday. If wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion-dollar surprise in the cellular business will be ""Ringback"" tones."
"Viagra, which has long taken a staid marketing approach, will join its fast-growing competitors in taking a sly, devil-may-care tack."
"IT IS two years since Tim Henman enjoyed top billing at a championship and there, in Basle, he reached the quarter- finals before losing to David Nalbandian."
"Myanmar #39;s military ruler, Senior General Than Shwe, arrives in India on Sunday on a landmark visit to strengthen economic and political ties with one of the few friends his junta has in the world."
"Shawn Green hit two home runs Saturday, including a grand slam, to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 7-4 victory over the Atlanta Braves."
American pair Misty May and Kerri Walsh continued their unbeaten streak to reach the final of the women #39;s beach volleyball competition.
"China has closed 1,600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100 million yuan (US\$12 million) for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said Saturday."
"MEMPHIS, Tenn. - After four opening losses, the Memphis Grizzlies were reeling and irritable. The intensity and fastbreak offense that led them to a franchise-record 50 wins and first playoff appearance last season were missing."
"Canadian Press - FORT QU'APPELLE, Sask. (CP) - Police investigating the disappearance of a young Regina girl called on the RCMP and civilian searchers Tuesday to look for clues on a reserve northeast of the city."
"Prospective jurors in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case were asked their feelings on racial prejudice, interracial relationships, marital infidelity and justice for the rich and famous "
Genes from a biotech turf grass have spread as much as 13 miles from a test plot - a discovery that confirms the ability of altered traits to spread great distances into the wild on wind-borne pollen.
"The Chidambaram Stadium on Saturday was like a cauldron in which about 40,000 people were sweating profusely but their eyes were still glued to the ground."
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.39 percent  at the opening on Tuesday after a rise in crude oil to another  record high put a damper on the appetites of investors  returning from a three-day weekend.
Reuters - Former Computer Associates\International Inc.  Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar pleaded\not guilty on Thursday to charges of securities fraud and\obstruction of justice stemming from a two-year investigation\into accounting fraud at the software company.
"Free quotes on mortgages, annuities, life and auto insurance, and all your financial and insurance needs. A local MostChoice expert helps you at no cost or obligation. Quick and easy form."
"CAROLINE KENNEDY is staging the ultimate yard-sale. She is clearing out paintings, furniture, horseriding gear and a mysterious photograph of a nude woman by a swimming pool from the attics and cupboards of several family homes."
"It was a rough September for many retailers battered by hurricanes on one side and rising fuel prices on the other, but American Eagle Outfitters Inc."
"Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych led the high-tension presidential race in this post-Soviet republic with about 45 of the vote, too little to clinch a first-round victory, the Central Elections Commission said early today."
"The update includes complete manuals, 90-day installation support, both 32-bit and 64-bit versions (including Intel #39;s EMT architecture) and around 3,500 packages."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks slipped on Monday, reversing an  early rally, after disappointing U.S. employment data rekindled  investor worries about weak economic growth and lackluster  corporate profits."
" SEOUL (Reuters) - An accident at an underground munitions  depot or a weapons factory was the likely cause of a huge  explosion in North Korea last week, and there were possibly two  blasts, South Korean media reports said on Monday."
James Hardie Industries NV underfunded a trust to compensate asbestos victims by at least A\$1.5 billion (\$1.1 billion) and misled investors when it said it had set aside enough money 
"Oh, those wacky Red Sox. Nothing like a little levity to take the edge off a playoff race. That #39;s why Terry Francona #39;s merry pranksters last night let Manny Ramirez lead the charge out of the dugout in the ..."
"A man charged in one of the largest identity theft scams in U.S. history pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy, wire fraud, and fraud in connection with identity documents Tuesday and could face up to 50 years in prison, according to a statement from U.S. Attorney David Kelley, of the Southern District of New York."
"Mike Smartt, founder of the BBC News website, picked up his OBE at Buckingham Palace on Thursday."
"The Bank of England #39;s Monetary Policy Committee voted unanimously to keep interest rates steady at 4.75 percent earlier this month, but analysts say another "
"Mortgage rates around the country went up last week, although 30-year mortgages still were below 6 percent for a sixth straight week."
World Champion Sebastien Loeb ended day two of the Rally Australia in Perth in the lead after Marcus Gronholm retired early. Citroen driver Loeb won three stages yesterday to take a 1min 20.
Hamish Carter knew what he was up against when he and Bevan Docherty ran down the stretch together in the Olympic triathlon in Athens.
Reuters - Global news and information provider\Reuters Group Plc  said on Tuesday it had experienced a\power outage in London that disrupted service to an unspecified\number of products and customers worldwide.
"AP - The government on Friday identified the British engineer who was kidnapped in Baghdad with two American colleagues, and the victim's family urged his captors to free him."
"A German court is set to hear oral arguments in a trademark suit against Google Inc. next week, as the search giant faces yet another legal challenge to its AdWords keyword advertising program.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/ibmpseries;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?"" width=""1"" height=""1"" border=""0""/&gt;&lt;a href=""http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9824455;9690404;u?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9473681;9688522;d?http://www.ibm.com/servers/eserver/pseries/campaigns/boardroom/index.html?ca=pSeries met=boardroom me=E P_Creative=P_InfoW_RSS""&gt;Introducing IBM eServer p5 systems.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Powered by IBMs most advanced 64-bit microprocessor (POWER5(tm)), p5 systems can run UNIX and Linux simultaneously. Learn more about eServer p5 systems.&lt;/p&gt;"
"Jason Giambi took a curtain call and Esteban Loaiza got the souvenir ball. For a pair of guys struggling since playing in the all-star game, it was a nice time to break out."
"China #39;s consumer electronics market will grow by almost 90 percent to \$94 billion by 2007 as manufacturers shift to high-end digital products and away from more basic items like toys and watches, an industry publication forecasts."
US and South Korean officials are still trying to verify what triggered a massive mushroom cloud in North Korea amid skepticism over Pyongyang #39;s explanation of the event.
"Reuters - Women could be faster 100-meter\sprinters than men by the 2156 Olympics, according to a study\on Wednesday."
"After losing 14 straight in Miami, the Phils, led by Cory Lidle #39;s stellar pitching, triumphed over the Marlins. By Todd Zolecki."
" The nation's home builders, real estate sales people and mortgage bankers stood by their man in the presidential election and now they hope he stands by his housing agenda during the next four years."
Fresh controversy has hit the war crimes trial of Slobodan Milosevic with a claim from a senior intelligence analyst that the Yugoslav leader is innocent of genocide.
"JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesia #39;s new president has named a cabinet line up that includes several surprise choices, appointing professionals and several women to key posts."
"AP - Karl Rove is a smooth, jovial political operative with a Texas-honed reputation as a ruthless competitor and three George W. Bush victories under his belt. Mary Beth Cahill is a daughter of Boston's rough-and-tumble ward battles who just last year brought her no-nonsense organizational skills to Democratic opponent John Kerry's camp."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - RadioShack Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;RSH.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3  U.S. electronics retailer, on Tuesday posted a 22 percent rise  in third-quarter profit due to strong wireless sales and cost  controls, but its shares slipped as it kept its 2004 earnings  outlook unchanged."
"TAMPA - Just a few weeks ago, the Utah Utes were building an impassioned case for why they belonged in a Bowl Championship Series game."
" NEW DELHI, Nov. 25 -- India said on Thursday that it could consider giving a large amount of autonomy to the disputed region of Kashmir to help make peace with Pakistan but was not willing to redraw its borders to settle a half-century of enmity."
InformationWeek takes a behind-the-scenes look at patch-management software maker Shavlik Technologies the day Microsoft unleashes a flood of security patches.
"Reuters - Stocks to watch on Tuesday: JOHNSON  \JOHNSON , GUIDANT CORP."
"AP - The San Diego Chargers looked sharp  #151; and played the same way. Wearing their powder-blue throwback jerseys and white helmets from the 1960s, the Chargers did almost everything right in beating the Jacksonville Jaguars 34-21 on Sunday."
"Tim Howard, the Fannie Mae (FNM) chief financial officer at the center of a critical report on accounting problems at the mortgage investment company, has exercised "
"AFP - Forty Britons have died in the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster and 159 others were missing and ""highly likely"" to have died, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said, suggesting the death toll could approach 200."
"Farmers fed up with methamphetamine cooks stealing their fertilizer may soon catch them pink handed, thanks to a new dye developed by a Southern Illinois farmer."
"ROME - Iraqi kidnappers may have sold two Italian women hostages to militants tied to al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Deputy Iraqi Foreign Minister Hamid al-Bayati has been quoted as saying."
"Cologne, Germany (Sports Network) - Graeme McDowell carded a three-under 69 on Saturday to maintain a three-shot advantage after the third round of the Linde German #39;s Masters."
"Microsoft and watch maker Swatch say they are offering a new line of wireless data watches, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer."
"COLLEGE PARK, Md. -- Georgia Tech ended No. 23 Maryland's 13-game home winning streak in stunning fashion, blanking the Terrapins through three quarters and forcing out ineffective quarterback Joel Statham in a 20-7 win yesterday."
"Luis Corrons, head of PandaLabs, said the Bagle worm variant  quot;is here to pick up the cyber war that started a few months ago between several groups of virus creators."
"The pristine Arctic waters of the Barents Sea are overfished and face serious pollution problems, the UN says."
"ARLINGTON, Va. -- US Airways Group Inc. , operating in bankruptcy, will increase service from Charlotte, N.C., and Philadelphia and spread flights during the day, boosting its schedule 7 percent without adding aircraft."
"NEW YORK - After a daylong wait for an afternoon doubleheader that was turned into a single night game, the New York Yankees found their 1-2-3 punch."
"Whoever officially wins this election mdash;at the time of this writing, it rsquo;s technically still a squeaker that could conceivably go either way, though it rsquo;s looking like Bush rsquo;s first election to office mdash;what is clear is that the Republicans owned the political agenda. I rsquo;m not talking about Iraq or terrorism, though those were significant issues. What I rsquo;m talking about is what got so many people to turn out and vote Republican on Tuesday: values."
"AP - With the U.S. economy likely to slow next year, many investors are looking to add more international exposure to their portfolios in hopes of winning higher returns. A number of global mutual funds offer what seems like easy one-stop shopping, but experts warn that all are not created equal."
" UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORP. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UTX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;UTX.N&lt;/A&gt;:"
The box score says John Smoltz and Brad Lidge did not figure in this Game 2 thriller. Typical of the  quot;win-at-all-costs quot; mind-set that the Astros and Braves carried into 
"A Russian prosecutor pointed out Thursday that some of Russia #39;s nuclear power plants and petrochemical enterprises do not have sufficient safeguards against terrorist attacks, the Interfax news agency reported."
Baseball #39;s decision to move the Montreal Expos to Washington gave officials in San Jose reason for optimism in their bid to acquire a major league team.
"ExxonMobil Corp. and Royal Dutch/Shell Group yesterday reported large increases in third-quarter profits, part of an industry-wide windfall caused by high oil prices and strong demand."
"LONDON (AP)  British bank Barclays PLC gained its first toehold in the US consumer banking market Wednesday, saying it would buy credit-card company Juniper Financial Corp. from Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce for \$293 million in cash. "
SAN FRANCISCO - Backers of two different types of UWB (ultrawideband) networks next week will announce moves toward consumer products that use the short-range wireless technology.
Reuters - Australia is on track to meet targets\set by the global Kyoto Treaty to cut greenhouse gas emissions\but will still not sign the pact because it ignores key areas\of the fight against global warming in developing nations.
"Ramallah - The race to succeed the late Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader formally kicked off on Saturday, with the opening of the registration period for potential presidential candidates."
"Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Brett Favre engineered three scoring drives in the fourth quarter, the final one ending with a 46-yard field goal by Ryan Longwell as time expired, to lift the Green Bay Packers to a 16-13 victory over the Houston Texans."
"Siemens Communications Inc. reported Tuesday that it signed a multiyear agreement with Cingular Wireless to develop a third-generation, or 3G, universal mobile telecommunications system."
"  ROME, Aug. 27 -- By all accounts here, Enzo Baldoni, the latest victim in Iraq of a videotaped killing at unknown hands, was a kind, light-hearted man."
CAR FIRM Ford has given up trying to integrate Oracle #39;s Everest system into its networks as a bad job. 
"AP - Dwyane Wade narrowly missed a triple-double and Shaquille O'Neal scored 11 of his 20 points in the fourth quarter, awakening just in time to help lift the Miami Heat to an 92-84 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday night."
European aircraft manufacturer Airbus SAS has taken issue with part of the European Union's (E.U.'s) antitrust decision against Microsoft Corp. and has filed a petition with the court handling the software maker's appeal.
"A report commissioned by NASA says the space agency won't succeed in its plans to send a robot to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope. Send humans instead, the report's authors recommend. By Amit Asaravala."
Henrik Stenson led The Heritage third round by a stroke from countryman Patrik Sjoland as Swedes dominated the leaderboard on Saturday.
"Utah Jazz Coach Jerry Sloan is coping without his wife of 41 years, Bobbye, who died on June 18 at age 61 from pancreatic cancer."
"PANAMA CITY -- An appeals court has refused to reinstate class-action status for a lawsuit that sought to represent 230,000 Wal-Mart employees across Florida over allegations the company forced many of them to work without pay during breaks and after hours "
"The acquisition of NetSolve will enable Cisco and its channel partners to offer customers real-time monitoring of Cisco products and to help ensure continuous, secure operation of such services "
"ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said private equity firm Hicks, Muse, Tate  amp; Furst Inc. exercised its option to buy the company #39;s minority stake "
"BRUSSELS, Oct 22 (AFP) - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt sought to calm a row with the Democratic Republic of Congo Friday, voicing encouragement for the ex-colony #39;s political transition in a call to President Joseph Kabila."
"Maybe the reason so many coaches have steered clear of the job at Notre Dame is that they got a look at the people they would be working for, and under what circumstances."
"French cycling star Richard Virenque retired Friday, ending a career marked by his fierce mountain climbs but tainted by his part in the Tour de France #39;s worst doping scandal."
"AL QUDS, Dec 10: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly on Friday to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan."
"The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, the team announced Monday as it released its schedule for the 2005 season."
A superb second-half performance by Andriy Shevchenko saw champions AC Milan kickstart their season with a 2-1 win in Rome against Lazio tonight.
"AP - A team of Egyptian doctors examined Yasser Arafat after he suffered from fever, nausea and a stuffy nose, an aide to Palestinian leader said Tuesday."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The insatiable foreign demand for  dollar holdings would eventually fall as investors diversify,  U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday in  remarks that landed hard on the dollar."
"JERUSALEM Israel #39;s security cabinet on Tuesday approved a compensation package that would pay roughly \$200,000 to \$300,000 to each Jewish family that agreed to leave the Gaza Strip under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan."
"Yasser Arafat has promised to intercede on behalf of British hostage Ken Bigley, a senior Irish politician says. Michael Higgins, foreign affairs spokesman for the Labour Party in Dublin, said the Palestinian leader made his pledge in a letter to him."
"TEHRAN, Iran - Iran added a ""strategic missile"" to its military arsenal after a successful test, and the defense minister said Saturday his country was ready to confront any external threat.    The report by state-run radio did not say whether the test involved the previously announced new version of the Shahab-3 rocket, capable of reaching Israel and U.S..."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures got a slight boost  on Friday after a report showed U.S. retail sales rose in  October, but the market still looked to open flat, pulling back  from the previous day's rally as oil prices nudge higher."
The Socceroos #39; chief crowd-puller Harry Kewell has been given the green light to play his first international on home soil in three years tonight.
"The early action on the second day of the US Open at Flushing Meadows in New York saw an easy victory for the number one seed, Belgium #39;s Justine Henin-Hardenne."
"AP - A bomb exploded early Friday in a pickup truck owned by a prosecutor who is pressing charges against supporters of the failed 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez, and a charred body inside appears to be that of the prosecutor, the government said."
"AP - Officials from Japan, South Korea and Major League Baseball made significant progress Friday in talks aimed at setting up a World Cup tournament in 2006."
"AFP - Outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell had been a great friend to Australia who helped fight terrorism in Asia, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said."
Industrial conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. swung to a fiscal fourth-quarter profit on a double-digit jump in sales and on lower one-time charges compared with the year-ago quarter.
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Washington, D.C., Mayor Anthony  Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring baseball back to  the U.S. capital was close to dead after the city council  changed the plan to require private financing, a move Major  League Baseball called unacceptable."
"Central Japan #39;s strongest typhoon in a decade left at least five people dead and five others missing as it swept through the region, halting air and rail operations before losing strength off the Pacific coast northeast of Tokyo."
"K5, K6, K8 and then Pacifica? Advanced Micro Devices is working on simultaneous projects, so it has sunk its K names."
"Asif Ali Zardari, former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto #39;s husband, was granted bail in a corruption case by the Supreme Court on Monday, paving way for his release after some eight years in jail, lawyers said."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Revenues in key sectors of the U.S.  services industry grew in the second quarter, the government  said on Monday in a new survey aimed at measuring growth in the  giant tranche of the economy."
"Bangalore, Nov 15 (UNI) Indian IT majors Infosys Technologies and Wipro Ltd today announced separate agreements with Microsoft Corp, the world #39;s largest software maker, to deliver applications and solutions to their global customers based on Microsoft "
"Sequels to Shrek, Spider-Man and Harry Potter help propel US box office takings to a new summer record."
"The Minister of Energy, Dr. Paa Kwesi Nduom, has said government policy on the subsidy of ex-pump prices of petroleum products would remain unchanged even though crude oil price has topped the psychological milestone of \$50 per barrel last Tuesday for the "
"REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - Scott Peterson's former mistress Amber Frey took the witness stand Monday for her much anticipated cross-examination by Peterson's lawyer, who began with a little kidding around..."
"PARIS Tyler Hamilton, the American bicycle racer who won an Olympic gold medal in the time trial last month in Athens, strongly denied Tuesday that he had used illegal performance-enhancing blood transfusions there and in the major race in Spain."
"The company says the device, dubbed the Ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are ""hardly used."""
"KHARTOUM, Sudan, Aug 28, 2004 (PANA) -- A group of 84 Eritrean deportees who on Friday forced a Libyan plane to land in Khartoum instead of Asmara, their country #39;s capital, has requested for political asylum in Sudan."
The Toronto stock market was on positive ground this morning as energy stocks continued to benefit from record high oil prices that hit \$53 (US) a barrel.
Gadget-loving dieters will soon have no excuse for giving in to temptation while traveling. The big diet brands like Weight Watchers are coming out with calorie counters and nutritional guides for PDAs and mobile phones.
"Martin Scorsese's portrayal of aviator/billionaire/loony Howard Hughes is brilliant in places, but it fails to translate his fire and passion to the screen. By Jason Silverman."
"NUSA DUA, Bali (AFP): US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova outclassed fellow Russian Nadia Petrova on Saturday to advance to the final of the Wismilak International WTA tennis tournament on the Indonesian resort island of Bali."
Algeria's chances of joining the World Trade Organisation (WTO) may be scuppered by its parliament's refusal to lift a ban on alcohol imports.
Intel #39;s biggest customer for its Itanium processor is to stop building workstations built around the chip according to the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.
"AP - President Bush will make air pollution a top priority in Congress early next year, starting with ""an aggressive push"" to build support for his pollution-cutting plan, senior administration officials said Saturday."
General partner and avid baseball card collector Ken Kendrick happily raised a baseball card of Wally Backman vigorously sliding into an opposing catcher.
"AP - Police staging pre-dawn raids in Barcelona Wednesday arrested 10 people who may have supported Islamic militants in North Africa or the Middle East, officials said."
AP - Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle hugged President Bush from one end of South Dakota to the other this summer. In his own campaign commercials.
"PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - As Florida residents began sweeping up the wreckage left behind by Hurricane Charley, officials on Sunday estimated damages as high as \$11 billion for insured homes alone..."
A critical security flaw has been discovered in WinAmp that exploits the stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability allowing attacks from hackers.
Motorsport.com. Current World Rally Championship points leader Sebastien Loeb started out early with a bang to maintain the lead in the Rally of Great Britain on the close of the first day.
"ATHENS - American swimmer Michael Phelps collected two more gold medals Tuesday, but even he knew he wasn #39;t the story of the day from the Summer Olympics in Athens. "
"You'd better hope your computer doesn't break down today, because every self-respecting geek with \$10 and a pulse will be queuing up to see ""Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow."" &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"NEW YORK -- In the city that loves to hate Pedro Martinez, the sellout crowd at Yankee Stadium suffered only one minor disappointment yesterday. It came after Martinez walked John Olerud in the sixth inning. The free pass followed Jorge Posada's home run, a shot that landed just a few feet inside the left-field foul pole."
"SASEBO, Japan -- On a cloudless afternoon in this sleepy port city, an 11-year-old girl drenched in blood and clutching a box cutter walked into the lunchroom at her elementary school. Teachers and students froze, assuming the sixth-grader known for her lighthearted nature had gravely hurt herself -- but she quickly dispelled that impression, witnesses said, by uttering a few ..."
" RABAT, Morocco (Reuters) - Double Olympic champion Hicham  El Guerrouj, the greatest middle distance runner of his  generation, plans to retire in 2006 after trying to break the  5,000 meters world record next year."
"The next century definitely will not be for the birds as the changing world takes a toll on many species. By 2100, about 10 percent of all bird species probably will be extinct, killed off by habitat loss, hunting "
"Pulte Homes, the owner of Phoenix-based Del Webb, Tuesday announced a profit warning for the third quarter. Citing poor sales in Las Vegas, Pulte now expects third quarter earnings from continuing operations "
"Bankrupt UAL Corp. (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , parent of United Airlines, on Tuesday reported a net loss of \$114 million, including \$14 million in reorganization expenses."
A Test match that had looked to be building up into a great climax was ruined yesterday by a six-hour downpour that forced the final day to be abandoned without a ball bowled.
Lawyers for director Roman Polanski say he should be allowed to fight a libel case in the UK from France.
"PC World - Silicon Graphics comes in second for ""fast computer"" bragging rights."
Gareth Southgate fears another Boro backs-to-the-wall display on Sunday -whether Wayne Rooney lines up against them or not. After a battling performance against Czech champions Banik Ostrava on Thursday to 
"For some, it turned out that fairness in online auctions was going, going, gone. Three cases of phony bidding by sellers to inflate the price of art, sports memorabilia, even "
"NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. plans to undo a technology outsourcing deal with International Business Machines Corp., taking back about 4,000 employees and contractors from the computer giant."
The head of the world's largest instant noodle manufacturer is trying to transform what was one of Asia's most influential overseas Chinese operations.
"CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Illinois #39; 22nd head coach today, sources said Monday. Zook, a former Miami University defensive back, will replace Ron Turner, who was fired Nov. 22 after the team went 3-8."
"Pennsylvania Turnpike managers and temporary workers held out their hands again yesterday to collect tolls from shoppers, football fans and end-of-Thankgiving weekend "
"LONDON, England -- Arsene Wenger has ruled out a January transfer swoop for Australia #39;s Mark Schwarzer or any of the other goalkeepers he has been linked with."
Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
American Express yesterday said it was seeking  quot;billions of dollars quot; in damages from Visa and MasterCard over alleged  quot;illegal and anticompetitive practices quot;.
"The Food and Drug Administration is unlikely to sanction Boston Scientific Corp. after reviewing its handling of safety recalls of its new cardiac stent system, an agency official said yesterday."
African Footballer of the Year Samuel Eto #39;o Fils has found his scoring touch with two goals in Barcelona #39;s 4-1 win over Real Zaragoza on Thursday.
"UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has been accused of either lies or incompetence in his handling of the Iraq war, by Greg Dyke, former director-general of the British Broadcasting Corporation."
"Airbus sought to clarify its stance in Microsoft #39;s European antitrust case yesterday, saying it #39;s not taking the software company #39;s side."
"Microsoft (MSFT) and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer."
"Brazil and Peru have announced a 363m plan for a highway to link Brazil #39;s Amazon basin to the Pacific, raising concerns about further devastation in the rainforest."
"Not all of his teammates were happy with Pedro Martinez last night. Or maybe you didn't notice Derek Lowe, waiting at the top step of the visitors' dugout, after Martinez struck out looking to start the third inning."
ISLAMABAD: President Pervez Musharraf said on Sunday that Pakistan would not contribute to expanding the UN Security Council. We feel that increasing the number of permanent members of the UN Security Council 
"Ariel Sharon #39;s political obituary was being written yesterday as opponents in Labour and his own Likud party turned their backs on the embattled Prime Minister, putting his plan for a staged withdrawal of settlers from the West ..."
"AP - In a major strategic reversal, Sony Corp. said Wednesday it plans to add support for MP3 music files to some of its portable music players."
"Molecular biologists have uprooted a traditional perspective on life's ancient ancestry, if their supplanted tree-of-life metaphor is modified to look more like a ring-of-life.    Astrobiology Magazine -- One of science's most popular metaphors - the ""tree of life,"" with its evolutionary branches and roots, showing groups of bacteria on the bottom and multicellular animals on the higher branches - turns out to be a misnomer, UCLA molecular biologists report in the Sept..."
"A bomb in south-western Pakistan kills a soldier and injures 14, the latest in a series of attacks."
"AP - The Boston Red Sox led the St. Louis Cardinals 2-0 after one inning, as Boston ace Curt Schilling tested his sutured ankle Sunday in Game 2 of the 100th World Series. With Matt Morris on the mound, St. Louis was trying to even the series after Boston took Saturday's opener."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday."
"citanon writes  quot; The Washington Post reports that House Majority Leader Tom Delay has delivered, via the omnibus spending bill passed Nov. 20, the President #39;s full budgetary request of \$16.2 billion dollars "
"MANHASSET, NY - Sun Microsystems has reached an out-of-court settlement with Eastman Kodak Co. in a two-year patent dispute over its Java programming language, agreeing to pay the imaging products company "
Forget the stereotypes about Scandinavian socialism and how its high taxes and expensive public health care system are destroying private enterprise.
" IRVING, Texas (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Governor Susan  Bies on Thursday delivered an upbeat assessment of the U.S.  economy, saying both the household and business sectors  appeared to be in good shape."
Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Thursday are publishing a specification to leverage Web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network.
"Reuters - U.S. and Iraqi forces pushed on\with their offensive against insurgents in the town of Samarra\overnight, killing five people and wounding 20 in the fighting,\a doctor at a local hospital said Saturday."
"Michael Ovitz, who had a brief but extremely lucrative career as president of Walt Disney Co. in the mid 1990s, might emerge as the latest embodiment of corporate spending run amok."
"The British advertising agency WPP Group said today that it had won the bidding for Grey Global Group, the world #39;s last large independent advertising "
"Who's better, Tom Brady or Peyton Manning? That was one question prior to last night's game between the Patriots and Colts at Gillette Stadium. The proof was provided on the field, and Brady was the answer."
An audiotape purportedly from a leader of forces opposed to the US-led government in Iraq has urged fighters supporters to brace for new battles against US forces after the assault on Falluja.
Joan Marie Gilbert and her 15-year-old daughter moved into a mobile home because they couldn #39;t afford anything else. James and Jean Burns bought one because it was the 
AP - Researchers working off coastal Georgia have discovered what could be three new species of bottom-dwelling creatures known as sea squirts.
"World News: Tel Aviv, Dec 1 : Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears heading to a certain defeat in parliament when he presents his government #39;s proposed budget for 2005."
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held strong above \$53 a  barrel on Wednesday as worries over a winter supply crunch  countered expectations that high fuel costs would curb growth  in petroleum demand next year.
"Soon anyone will be able to browse the University library, whether he is in Ann Arbor or Europe or anywhere in between. The University announced a partnership with Google "
"Arsenal midfielder Edu, who had just returned to the lineup after a calf injury, broke a toe in the Gunners #39; 3-1 Carling Cup win over Everton on Tuesday."
"Srinagar Oct 24 : Former Kashmir chief minister Farooq Abdullah and his son, National Conference president Omar Abdullah, had a narrow escape Sunday when guerrillas triggered a powerful mine, injuring seven people."
"Samsung Electronics may process 2,0002,300mm glass substrates at a second seventh-generation (7G) line in the beginning of 2006, according to the South Korea-based Electronic Times, Seoul."
"In a drama that gripped Japanese watching on live television, a two-year-old toddler was pulled alive from a car that had been buried under tons of rock and mud for nearly four days after a deadly earthquake."
Reuters - Kirk Rueter allowed just three hits\over seven innings and J.T. Snow homered as the San Francisco\Giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over Los Angeles in National\League play at Dodger Stadium Friday.
"By JOHN HEILPRIN    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The United States will join with Australia and Madagascar in arguing that great white sharks need to be protected through new global trade restrictions.    The Bush administration supports protecting the sharks, which are listed as endangered in many parts of the world, said Assistant Interior Secretary Craig Manson..."
"Crude futures sold off sharply for a second day in row Thursday, falling below \$44 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and the lack of cold weather. The drop to two-month lows triggered an additional wave of technical and speculative selling, traders said."
Voting is under way in Russia #39;s breakaway region of Chechnya to select a replacement for a president who was killed in a bomb attack.
"J Sainsbury Plc, Britain #39;s third- largest supermarket chain, said first-half profit fell by as much as 66 percent as the company lost business to Tesco Plc and Wal- Mart Stores Inc."
"ANCIENT OLYMPIA, Greece - Two U.S. men advanced to the final of the shot put Wednesday, hoping to make even more history at the ancient site that gave birth to the Olympics 2,780 years ago..."
"Germany #39;s Social Democrat chancellor, Gerhard Schrder, suffered a humiliating election defeat in the party #39;s traditional stronghold yesterday."
"Reuters - A powerful bomb exploded near\an army truck in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta on\Friday, killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 20,\officials said."
" NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - An experimental diet drug helped  people lose nearly four times as much weight as a placebo in an  eagerly anticipated two-year trial, researchers said on  Tuesday."
"CONCORD, Calif. They lost for the first time since 1991, but there #39;s no bitterness on the De La Salle High School football team."
"The WNBA #39;S month-long break during August, which accommodated players that took part in the Summer Olympics, had a vastly different effect on the Connecticut Sun and Seattle Storm."
"What Is AdWare?\\As with most things in life, there are two sides to every story and these adware packages have brewed up quite a bit of controversy. Ask a web publisher and, if they can say it in a nice way without cursing while they do, they'll tell you that ..."
Reuters - Eight Arctic countries agreed to a\vague plan to counter a rapid melt of the region on Wednesday\with indigenous peoples accusing the United States of blocking\stronger action aimed at slowing global warming.
Two of Colombia #39;s most powerful drug lords were trapped in prison cells yesterday as the state seized their fortune estimated at more than 120 million.
"DUGWAY PROVING GROUND, Utah Sept. 8, 2004 - A space capsule holding atoms collected from solar wind was en route to a tricky rendezvous with Earth, offering scientists the first material NASA has brought back from space in nearly three decades."
"Three Lebanese were killed and one wounded by a group of gunmen in Iraq on Friday, said an official of the Lebanese Foreign Ministry."
Israel #39;s Security Cabinet has approved a compensation package for Jewish settlers who will be removed from the Gaza Strip under the government #39;s pull-out plan.
A well known Kenyan businessman has been imprisoned in the first conviction under President Mwai Kibaki #39;s promised anti-corruption drive.
England skipper David Beckham has denied reports he will quit playing for his country after the 2006 World Cup. The 29-year-old Real Madrid star says he hopes to reach 100 international caps and has no plans to retire from international football yet.
"Olympic wrestling silver medalist Sara McMann has been charged with careless driving causing death following a crash that killed her boyfriend, the Colorado State Patrol said yesterday. Steven Blackford , 28, a three-time NCAA All-American wrestler at Arizona State, died Friday when the Jeep they were in rolled off the shoulder of Interstate 76 in northeastern Colorado. McMann, 23, of ..."
ADAM GILCHRIST has learned from history and has India cornered as Australia took wobbly steps towards a watershed Test win yesterday.
"Holiday shoppers, intent on finding bargains, descended on the Washington region's malls this morning, joining a nationwide shopping spree that has come to be known as Black Friday."
"Intel Corp. on Thursday said President Paul Otellini, a marketing expert, would replace Craig Barrett as chief executive, at a time when the No."
"Google Works with Libraries to Search Book Collections\\Google is taking its searchers away from the bookstore, and back to the library. Google today announced that it is working with the libraries of Harvard, Stanford, the University of Michigan, and the University of Oxford as well as The New York Public ..."
"AP - Recalling the horror the nation felt when its first hostage was killed in Iraq, word that a second Italian hostage was slain brought condemnation from the pope Friday and fueled debate over Italy's role in the war-torn country."
Lleyton Hewitt believes he can still win another grand slam title despite conceding Roger Federer has tennis history at his mercy after the world No1 #39;s one-sided victory in yesterday #39;s US Open final.
"ATLANTA - Fifty-year-old Jay Haas does not quite need a walking stick, but he is easily the oldest man in the field at the Tour Championship."
"For the second time in a year, telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc. is reducing benefits promised to retirees."
AP - Paul Davis cleared his mind and a strong performance followed.
Ever wonder why Google News has been in beta for three years? Possibly because it hasn't figured out a way to make money without enraging publishers who spend fortunes to actually gather the news. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
"WASHINGTON (Ticker) - Following a poor decision off the field, rookie safety Sean Taylor will be on the sidelines when the Washington Redskins take the field Sunday."
"This Saturday, the undefeated meet. No. 2 Oklahoma and No. 5 Texas take aim for a win at the 99th Red River Shootout. The rivalry is one of the biggest games in college football."
The Royal Society launches a scientific investigation into the rising acidity of the Earth's oceans.
Sanath Jayasuriya struck a cavalier 96 not out to lead Sri Lanka #39;s fightback against Pakistan after a century by Inzamam-ul-Haq on the third day of the second test on Saturday.
Canada beat Russia 3-1 Saturday night in Toronto. Team Canada is now rolling on all cylinders and is getting scoring from everywhere.
"Prime Minister Tony Blair said in a prepared speech yesterday that he realized the war in Iraq had divided Britain, but that he could not sincerely apologize for helping topple Saddam Hussein."
"State and local leaders have three years to establish and implement systems and practices needed to ensure seamless response to emergencies and incidents or else federal grants will be withheld, Homeland Security Department officials said this month."
"The nation #39;s retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, today reporting sluggish November sales as a much-hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tobacco industry lawyer  acknowledged on Wednesday that some executives may have acted  wrongly, but said cigarette companies have never engaged in a  conspiracy to mislead the public about the dangers of smoking."
"With forecasters predicting heavy rain, the Red Sox said tonight's game would be made up Monday if it can't be played tonight. Tickets for tonight's game, marked either  quot;Home Game #1 quot; or  quot;Friday, October 15 quot; would be good for Monday's game, which likely would be scheduled to start at 5:10 p.m."
Australia ripped through the top of the New Zealand order to leave the tourist #39;s struggling on 36 for four at tea on the fourth day of the second test 
"Tiffany  amp; Co., the No. 1 US luxury jewelry retailer, said third-quarter earnings fell to \$20.8 million as sales declined in Japan, the company #39;s second-biggest market."
"South African unions describe as ""disgraceful"" the use of public money to buy telecoms shares for former government officials."
Last month was awful for the airlines because of factors like weather and the fact that kids go back to school earlier than they used to.
"For the first time, scientists have found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars - an important confirmation of theories about how planets form, NASA announced Thursday."
"Investors digested word today that Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) has lowered its sales forecast for August, with the possibility that same-store sales may come in flat to up 2."
"_ Islamic militants released a brief tape showing two French journalists kidnapped recently in Iraq and said they were holding the men to protest a French law banning headscarves in schools, according to footage aired Saturday by an Arab "
"Bryan Randall dropped back, unleashing a deep spiral down the left sideline. A redshirt freshman named Josh Hyman caught the pass in stride, behind Virginia #39;s secondary for the prettiest of touchdowns."
"AFP - Warning that he would not be ""bluffed,"" Protestant leader Ian Paisley said the latest attempt to achieve piece in Northern Ireland was doomed unless the Catholic paramilitary IRA took immediate and verifiable steps to disarm."
"WARSAW Struggling with high unemployment and opposition here to the war in Iraq, Poland #39;s minority leftist government, led by Marek Belka, on Thursday was trying to head off defeat in a vote of confidence by making last- minute deals to stay in power "
"MONTREAL - Despite a jump of 19 percent in world air traffic this year, airlines are expected to lose as much as \$4 billion in 2004 because of high fuel costs, the International Air Transport Association said Monday."
"AFP - A 14-month-old baby boy in Vietnam has died from suspected bird flu despite claims by the government that the deadly disease has been brought under control, officials said."
"A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning."
"Kirk Hinrich and the Bulls are starting to play in a relaxed fashion, and it #39;s resulting in victories. Kirk Hinrich scored nine of his 28 points in a 15-0 run, and the Chicago Bulls beat the "
"With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority."
"TOKYO : Production at Bridgestone #39;s biggest tire plant in Japan remained suspended a day after a fire broke out at a rubber refining facility, a company spokesman said. "
"AP - A U.S. military panel heard the case Wednesday of a Guantanamo Bay prisoner accused of fighting for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime, as a U.S. judge ordered the government to release records of alleged prisoner abuse at the American base."
California's not the only state willing to throw money at the controversial research. Wisconsin's governor plans to spend \$750 million building two research centers and supporting scientists studying cardiovascular illnesses and other diseases.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi  said Wednesday he would not withdraw troops from Iraq despite a  threat by a militant group to behead a Japanese hostage within  48 hours unless Tokyo pulled its forces out.
"NEW YORK--Low-cost Internet service provider United Online on Monday reported a higher quarterly profit despite slowing subscriber growth, and said it agreed to buy Classmates Online for \$100 million in cash."
"Packing sustained winds of 160 mph and whipping up monstrous waves, Hurricane Ivan #39;s eye brushed Cuba #39;s sparsely populated western tip yesterday and barreled north toward the US Gulf Coast."
"SALT LAKE CITY -- For Los Alamos physicist Roger Wiens, it appears 14 years of toil and anticipation will not be in vain, even though the Genesis space capsule suffered a crash landing this week."
"CANBERRA, Australia (Dow Jones): The Australian government said Friday it anticipates closer cooperation with Indonesia #39;s new president on combatting terrorism in the region."
Editor #39;s note: ESPN senior NFL writer John Clayton #39;s weekly  quot;First And 10 quot; column takes you around the league with a look at the best game of the week followed by primers for 10 other games.
"Netizens often like to compare the settlement of the Internet with that of the American West. The explorers charted new territory, observes product developer Chad Harrington of Zone Labs, a San Francisco-based "
"AP - A massive explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand on Sunday killed 14 people, including a 4-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said."
"As part of a renewed effort to curb false weight-loss claims, the Federal Trade Commission said on Tuesday it has sued six companies that sold products ranging from cellulite cream to diet teas and patches."
WASHINGTON - The White House has drafted executive orders aimed at implementing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations for a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center...
AP - Johnny Damon hit a leadoff homer in his return to the Red Sox lineup after missing four games with a jammed right pinkie to start Boston's 7-1 win over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night.
"As both the weeks and the wins pile up for the Patriots, the more preposterous it becomes. Already it #39;s as farfetched and fanciful as anything that has happened in the NFL this season, Ben Roethlisberger #39;s magic carpet ride included."
"Wireless phone service can't be purchased on price alone -- first, you need to decide which carrier to go with, since not all offer the same service. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
 ABUJA (Reuters) - The Nigerian government sought a court  injunction on Wednesday to stop a three-day-old general strike  which has raised fears about oil supplies from the world's  seventh largest exporter.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mid-priced clothing retailer and maker  Jones Apparel Group Inc. said on Thursday it was buying Barneys  New York Inc. in a \$400 million deal to boost its retail  business and move into luxury apparel.
"Nextel Communications and Sprint are negotiating a possible merger, according to a source familiar with the discussions. It was not clear how far the talks had progressed, and "
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed mostly lower on  Tuesday as oil prices climbed to another record and economic  data showed slower-than-expected growth last month.
"Notre Dame guard Charel Allen, left, looks for a shot in front Dayton guard Ashley Armstrong, right, during the second half Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004 in Dayton, Ohio."
"Hostilities started in late July, when Real cracked Apple #39;s FairPlay code, meaning songs bought from the RealPlayer Music Store could be played on the iPod - a move that went down very badly over at Apple. Real then decided to ratchet up the pressure by ..."
A French Muslim delegation in Iraq trying to win the release of two French journalists held hostage by Islamic militants said Thursday they had received proof the men were alive and well. The kidnappers have demanded that Paris rescind a law banning Muslim headscarves.
"STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances crashed ashore at Florida's east coast early Sunday with sustained wind of 105 mph and pelting rain, knocking out power to 2 million people and forcing Floridians to endure a frightening night amid roaring gales that shredded roofs and uprooted trees..."
The award for fees and costs comes in a case in which Microsoft agreed to allocate \$1.1 billion for California consumers. By Associated Press.
SCE #39;s outspoken president speaks out on the PSP for the first time since the price announcement this week. TOKYO--Sony Computer Entertainment president Ken Kutaragi revealed a great deal of additional information 
Open-source developers attempting to reverse-engineer the mysteries of private networking software turn to genomics research. They're applying algorithms developed by biologists to decipher the secrets of closed networks. By Danny O'Brien.
Sir Alex Ferguson insists Manchester United will always be the top team in the country as they prepare to face Arsenal at Old Trafford on Sunday.
"The New Zealand government has agreed to a range of initiatives to build closer ties with the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), Prime Minister Helen Clark announced Wednesday."
"Israeli troops have entered the Rafah refugee camp in southern Gaza in a new incursion to locate Palestinian weapons smuggling tunnels, the army says."
His online profile lists William P. Genovese #39;s profession as  quot;hacking bum quot; and  quot;getting arrested quot; among his likes.
"Napster, one of the world #39;s most well known music downloading services, has signed a lucrative deal with Dwango Wireless that could see a mobile phone capable of downloading ringtones from Napster by 2005."
"Microsoft plans to launch an online music store. Also: Copernic Technologies releases free desktop search software   hellip;. Hitachi, Matsushita Electric Industrial and Toshiba team up to make displays for flat-screen TVs   hellip;. and more."
Vox populi: Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) attorney Michael Carroll says the firm will abandon its legal assault on PeopleSoft #39;s (nasdaq: PSFT - news - people )  quot;poison pill quot; defenses--if investors fail to tender at least 50 of their shares by Nov 
Have adware and spyware commandeered your computer? An extreme solution: erasing your hard drive and starting over.
" BOCHUM, Germany (Reuters) - Workers at a General Motors  plant in Bochum, Germany, swallowed their anger over job cuts  and voted on Wednesday to end a seven-day stoppage that has  disrupted output at three other GM car factories."
A federal judge in Virginia has ruled that a trademark infringement suit filed by the Government Employees Insurance Co. (GEICO) against Internet search giants Google and Overture Services can proceed.
Arsenal dropped five points behind Chelsea in the English Premier League on Sunday after losing 2-1 to Liverpool on an injury-time goal by Neil Mellor.
"As many as 3,500 officials voted to seek autonomy if the opposition continues to seek the presidency for Viktor A. Yushchenko."
CALGARY (CP) - Pipeline operator Enbridge Inc. is going south with a \$613-million-US purchase of Shell #39;s natural gas network in the Gulf of Mexico south of Louisiana and Mississippi.
"The Institute for Healthcare Improvement in Boston, run by Harvard physician Dr. Donald Berwick, will try to save 100,000 patients from fatal medical errors and poor care in the next 18 months by persuading hospitals to improve in six areas."
"Reuters - The U.S. current account gap widened\again in the second quarter, growing to a record  #36;166.18\billion, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday."
"Reuters - British scientists said on Wednesday\they had received permission to clone human embryos for medical\research, in what they believe to be the first such license to\be granted in Europe."
"The world #39;s No. 1 golfer gave another relentless indication Tuesday why he has risen to the top. One day after he was named PGA Tour Player of the Year, Vijay Singh celebrated by pounding "
A group of companies led by Sony Corp of America which includes cable television #39;s Comcast Corp. on Thursday said it has signed a definite agreement to acquire film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday raised  its earnings forecasts, citing strong demand in several of its  businesses despite concerns about the slowing growth in the  U.S. economy."
Bill-paying is getting more and more convenient. But with that convenience comes the possibility of many complications and headaches.
"Carnival Corp.  amp; plc, the world #39;s largest cruise company, reported Friday that higher ticket prices and onboard sales propelled third-quarter earnings up 40 percent to its best three-month results ever."
Explosions damaged churches in Baghdad yesterday and the US military reported the deaths of four more American troops in bomb attacks elsewhere in Iraq.
"Reuters - eBay Inc.  offered about  #36;530\million to buy the remainder of South Korean affiliate Internet\Auction Co. Ltd. as it pushes deeper into Asia, saying key\shareholders had accepted a 79 percent increase to an earlier\offer."
"US blue chip stocks rose on Wednesday, helped by drugmaker Merck  amp; Co. Inc. (MRK), but technology stocks fell as results from technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc."
"AP - The hits and runs kept coming, spinning by on the scoreboard as fast as symbols on a slot machine. It wasn't just a rout, it was an epic defeat, the most one-sided in the 101-year history of the New York Yankees. Cleveland's 22-0 victory Tuesday night matched the biggest post-1900 shutout margin in the major leagues, Pittsburgh's win at the Chicago Cubs on Sept. 16, 1975."
HANOVER - Management at Volkswagen and union leaders Wednesday agreed to a 28-month pay freeze as part of plans by the giant German-based carmaker to drastically cut costs.
"Reuters - Wall Street investors will get their\first glimpses in September of how companies performed in the\third quarter, and financial experts say don't look for too\many positive earnings surprises."
"Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) shares jumped as much as 16 percent on Monday, to their highest level in more than 4 years, after a Wall Street analyst nearly doubled his price target on the stock."
"MIAMI -- Bryan Randall grabbed a set of Mardi Gras beads and waved them aloft, while his teammates exalted in the prospect of a trip to New Orleans."
"by di-ve.com. The latest e mail virus to hit local Internet users is cleverly masked as a Christmas Greeting -- unfortunately, unsuspecting users who open the e mail attachment, end up infecting their computer with a virus, known as Zafi."
"Microsoft #39;s attempt at a digital music distribution service  quot;falls just short quot; of Apple #39;s iTunes, says The Washington Post."
"A rocket attack caused a loud blast near the US Embassy in the Afghan capital of Kabul early Friday, but no casualties were reported."
John Maeda is a man with a lot on his mind. The MIT professor of media arts and sciences thinks about how to make technology simpler; he thinks about using the computer as a mode of expression rather than simply as a tool; he thinks about making digital art from Cheetos and sugar crystals.
"Reuters - International Business Machines\Corp  on Sunday announced a new computer server using\its Power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular Linux operating\system, as the No. 1 computer maker aims to broaden the\adoption of Linux in broader corporate computing markets."
"Euphoria turned into shock and grief minutes after the Subway 500 yesterday, as members of the winning Hendrick Motorsports team were informed that one of the organization #39;s "
"The blue-chip Dow Jones average closed below 10,000 for the first time in six weeks on Monday as a spike in oil prices to nearly USD50 a barrel renewed concerns about corporate profits."
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game sales rose 35 percent in  the United States in October, analysts said on Friday, as the  blockbuster criminal adventure ""Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas""  sold more than 2 million units in just five days of release."
Justin Gatlin of the United States became the fastest man in the world after winning the men #39;s 100 meters dash at the 28th Olympic Games here on Sunday.
Enron Corp. #39;s interim chief executive has asked a federal Bankruptcy Court judge to award his firm a \$25 million  quot;success fee #39; #39; for stabilizing the fallen Houston energy giant.
"But on that glorious day in May, 1963, Gordo Cooper went higher, farther, and faster than any other American. Twenty-two complete orbits around the world."
"Reuters - German cable operator Kabel\Deutschland (KDG) will massively increase its proposed spending\for broadband Internet to appease cartel office concerns over\its plans to buy three smaller rivals, it said on Tuesday."
"Indonesian Detective Police Chief, Suyitno Landung, holds pictures of arrested terror suspects in Jakarta, November 24. Indonesian police said they had arrested four Muslim militants over a suicide bomb attack "
"Tim Wakefield is still slated to start Game 7 of the A.L.C.S. Wednesday for the Boston Red Sox, who still need a Game 6 victory to get that far."
Northern Ireland #39;s Jeremy McWilliams claimed 15th place in the Malaysian MotoGP in Sepang on Sunday. The Glengormley-based rider is 19th in the world championship standings with 21 points.
"PARIS -- US diplomats here respond to Jacques Chirac #39;s continued Yankee-bashing following George W. Bush #39;s re-election by saying the French president is out of step with his people, who are not nearly that anti-American."
"AFP - Malaysia has detected a new outbreak of bird flu in a village in northeast Kelantan state, the sixth to be hit by the deadly virus in a month, officials have announced."
"A BRITISH soldier was arrested today on charges of having murdered an Iraqi civilian while serving in southern Iraq last year, police said."
"They clean hotel rooms, tend bars, cook meals, and wait tables at many of Boston's prestigious hotels and universities, an army of mostly immigrant and low-wage workers that labors behind the scenes."
Executive vice president of sales becomes Sun's executive vice president for strategic development and Sun financing.\
"MOSCOW -- An American and a Russian, both space veterans, have been selected as the next replacement crew for the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday."
"LYON, Nov 27 (SW) - Lyon stretched their lead at the top of Ligue 1 to six points over idle Lille with a 2-1 victory over Auxerre at the Stade Gerland on Saturday."
Militant group Hamas urges its supporters to boycott the election of a new Palestinian Authority president.
Doctors and their patients in many countries are facing increasing problems receiving lifesaving isotopes for treating a range of illnesses.
AP - President Bush is launching a focus on Western battlegrounds with no sign that the biting rhetoric he has aimed at Democratic challenger John Kerry in recent days is as aggressive as it's going to get.
China's largest PC maker could announce as early as today that it is buying control of IBM's PC-making business for up to \$2 billion.
"The Australian stock market continued on its bullish performance by noon today, extending recent record highs with BHP Billiton in the vanguard."
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has faxed a letter to UEFA pleading with them not to punish his old club Porto after he was spat at by a visiting fan at Stamford Bridge.
"AP - In a blow to human vanity, researchers now say that people have about the same number of genes as a small flowering plant or a tiny worm. The new estimate is down sharply from just three years ago."
Billionaire Mark Cuban isn't content with owning the Dallas Mavericks and running a high-definition TV broadcasting company...
The Detroit Tigers #39; young right-hander has been going through a rough stretch. His 21-year-old brain was being overloaded with too many thoughts about mechanics.
" DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; will cut  about 900 jobs early next year at a pickup truck plant in  Pontiac, Michigan, in a move underscoring sagging demand for  some of its most profitable vehicles."
"NewsFactor - Siebel (Nasdaq: SEBL) topped expectations in its \third-quarter earnings results, registering a profit, higher sales and an increase in software-license revenue from the previous quarter."
The US State Department has announced the cancellation of Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s planned lightning visit to Athens to attend the Olympics closing ceremony on Sunday.
"Vodafone Group Plc, the world #39;s largest mobile-phone operator, said it #39;s not in talks with US partner Verizon Communications Inc."
"Bangkok (VNA) - A young Thai man in eastern Prachinburi province died of bird flu on Wednesday, Thai Health Minister Sudarat Keyuraphan said."
"The accent betrays his days as a banker in New York. The subject of his opening comments-the possibilities on trade, South Asias poor record on human development despite its rich human potential, etc sounds almost like Manmohan Singh."
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said he has requested that the US use more of its oil reserves to calm the markets.
"Google #39;s recently launched news service in China doesn #39;t display results from Web sites blocked by that country #39;s authorities, raising prickly questions "
"Earlier this week, the online community/portal company started distributing a screensaver that conducted the attacks by making requests from servers  quot;verified to be spam-advertising sites, quot; Lycos said."
"Noah Lowry takes a lesson out of every outing, and the baseball world is quickly learning that this kid is pitching nothing like a 23-year-old rookie."
"Reuters - Two Polish soldiers were killed and five\injured in a road accident in Hilla after their patrol was\fired on near their Babylon base in southern Iraq, Polish news\agency PAP said on Thursday, citing a military spokesman."
"Developed by Ubisoft #39;s Montreal studio, Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith on PSP, DS, and GBA will fully leverage the strengths of each handheld platform."
AP - Laura Diaz is too busy trying to win the Tournament of Champions to worry about qualifying for the season-ending event.
Tens of thousands of people attend a rally called by the left-wing rebel  People's War Group in southern India.
"ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps is done for the Olympics. Shortly after winning his fifth gold medal and seventh overall, Phelps told U.S..."
AP - Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos made a last-ditch legal bid Wednesday to halt the looming auction of its core production unit after filing for bankruptcy protection in a U.S. court.
"Federal Communications Commission officials want to regulate voice-over-IP services, FCC chairman Michael Powell said. In an Oct. 19 speech in Boston, Powell praised voice-over-IP innovators and argued his case for federal oversight of the technology."
Some voters say machines indicated they had voted for a different candidate.
"Iran has dismissed a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry, that Tehran be provided nuclear fuel if it agrees to give up its fuel-making capabilities."
"A highly touted technique that uses radioactive seeds to clear clogged arteries offers no long-term benefit, according to a new study."
"South Africa #39;s arrest of two men for the alleged smuggling of goods that could be used to make nuclear weapons is linked to the so-called Pakistani Khan network, #39; #39; a foreign affairs official said."
Standard Chartered has agreed to buy US\$1.5 billion (HK\$11.7 billion) worth of loans from Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) to beef up its project finance operation.
"That #39;s what the public relations folks at Talladega Superspeedway dubbed the next stop in NASCAR #39;s new playoff-style championship, and it would be hard to find many drivers who would argue with the label."
"PLANOTexas - The traps are out as a Plano family waits to see if a bobcat #39;s kittens take the bait. The mother bobcat was captured Wednesday, and one of three kittens was captured Friday morning."
Microsoft has announced a one month  quot;amnesty quot; of sorts for possessors of possible counterfeit copies of the Windows XP operating system.
Justin Langer hits a century to help Australia reach 220-5 at tea on day one of the first Test in Perth.
"AP - The next time the PGA Tour trots out its ""These Guys Are Good"" campaign, it doesn't need to show any spectacular shots, just a bunch of unfamiliar faces."
"America West Airlines, which has been considering a bid for ATA Airlines for more than a month and was widely expected to make an offer by Friday #39;s deadline, Thursday said it will not make an offer."
"MONACO, AUGUST 26: Defending champions Porto have been drawn to face Chelsea in Group H, meaning Chelseas new coach Jose Mourinho - who won last seasons title with Porto -ill be able to exploit familiar conditions when Chelsea play their away "
An Irish woman convicted of murdering her millionaire boyfriend returns to court in Las Vegas.
"They are a billion strong. Diseased, malnourished, uneducated, they are a people on the run from wars that take the lives of their brothers and sisters."
"AP - Pau Gasol, the 2002 NBA rookie of the year, has signed a multi-year contract extension with the Memphis Grizzlies."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  reached her second consecutive final with a 6-2, 6-3 victory  over Thailand's Tamarine Tanasugarn at the Japan Open Friday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc., a large U.S.  southeast regional bank, on Wednesday said it fired three  finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after  uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans."
"Sports India, Cricket: Chennai, Oct 18 : Rains Monday poured water on India #39;s hopes of winning the second Test against Australia as the fifth and final day #39;s play was washed out at the MA Chidambaram Stadium here."
"The recent run of hurricanes hitting the Atlantic Ocean has been helped by warmer waters, which some scientists attribute to global warming. That means get ready for more storms. By Stephen Leahy."
"A hike in petrol, diesel and cooking gas prices was postponed yet again by the government today. The decision was taken after pressure from the Left, which wanted the price hike to be put off till after the "
"The Red Sox are one of seven teams that have an offer on the table to righthander Matt Clement , who came up in the Padres' system with Theo Epstein and remains one of the most attractive pitching options left on the market despite a career record under .500."
"PORTLAND, Maine - Whether its blue or spotted or stripped, the standard issue hospital gown is drafty and revealing. It's embarrassing for just about anyone who's spent a night in a medical center..."
"Planet-building is dusty work, and now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the same size as our sun."
AP - David Eckstein proved he could play in the majors despite being smaller than many batboys. He fought through injuries. He learned to hang tight on the plate with a 95 mph fastball coming at him.
The U.K. government will launch a Parliamentary inquiry next year into the practicalities of electronic voting.
AP - Shay Doron and Crystal Langhorne had 16 points each to lead No. 22 Maryland to a 76-56 victory over Penn in the consolation game of the Coors Classic Saturday night
"Afghan presidential candidate Yunus Qanooni adjusts his glasses during an interview in Kabul on Sunday, Oct.17. 2004. Hamid Karzai #39;s closest rival in Afghanistan #39;s landmark election refused to concede defeat "
"AP - Top aides to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger have skirted state regulations limiting gifts from special interest groups by spreading them around through their families, the Los Angeles Times reported Sunday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - ConocoPhillips &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;COP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said  it expects third-quarter crude oil and natural gas production  to be lower than in the second-quarter, but kept its full year  production forecast."
"Lenovo Group Ltd. agreed to pay \$1.25 billion for International Business Machines Corp. #39;s personal computer business, lifting China #39;s largest PC maker to third in world rankings and giving it a globally recognized brand."
"Hong Kong stocks closed at a fresh eight-month high Friday, boosted by a cut in local interest rates and overnight gains on Wall Street."
"Google announced yesterday that they have agreements with several large libraries to scan books whose copyrights have expired. Joseph O #39;Sullivan, Software engineer and Adam M. Smith, Business product manager "
"Coach joins the S P 500, and others stand to benefit from the leather in the weather."
"The US Fish and Wildlife Service has recommended against listing the greater sage grouse as a threatened or endangered species, the agency announced Friday."
"BAGHDAD - Car bombers struck twice in rapid succession here Sunday, killing at least 11 people, including an American soldier. Meanwhile, rocket-propelled grenade explosions and machine-gun fire rocked the "
"Employees at General Motors Corp. in Europe have discussed a major overhaul of the corporate structure in negotiations with management, the chief employee representative said in an interview published Sunday."
"A new statue is unveiled of Felix Dzerzhinsky, the man who founded the much-feared security services."
A judge rules that three UK bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to a deal with Enron.
A move is afoot to form an industry consortium to buy about 40 patents that are among the assets of bankrupt Commerce One.
Mobile phone users left talking to themselves when their battery runs out in the middle of a call could soon see an end to their frustration as scientists perfect a way to recharge electrical equipment while on the move.
TechWeb - An Indian Institute of Technology professor--and open-source evangelist--discusses the role of Linux and open source in India.
"Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The Bush administration for the first time on Thursday labelled as ""genocide"" the attacks on black Africans by a government-backed Arab militia in Sudan's Darfur region."
"Two days before the third anniversary of the September 11th attacks, a new tape from an Osama bin Laden deputy has aired. The al-Qaida man says US forces have been driven into the  quot;trenches #39; #39; in Afghanistan."
A contingent of 95 riot police from China arrived in Haiti on Sunday to help restore order in the Caribbean nation plagued with gang and political violence 
"Crude oil prices briefly rose above 55 dollars a barrel today, as traders continue to worry about supply ahead of winter. Crude for November delivery hit 55 dollars, 33 cents "
"This is the game that has been hailed as the killer of all first person shooters since it was first announced over a year ago, and most who have said that hadn #39;t even played it yet - that #39;s how confident people are that this game is just that good."
" TORONTO (Reuters) - It is Saturday and time for ""Hockey  Night in Canada."" But there is just one problem for hockey-mad  Canadians -- no NHL."
"The United States on Monday lodged a formal appeal against a ruling that ordered it to withdraw some of its subsidies for producers of cotton and other commodities, trade officials said."
"Reuters - Over three quarters of Bulgarians have\never used the Internet, and 23 percent do not know what the\word means, a survey published in daily newspaper Sega said on\Thursday. Citing data from polling agency Alpha Research, Sega\said 77 percent of the EU candidate country's eight million\people had never been on line."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline Plc &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GSK.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GSK.L&lt;/A&gt; has agreed  to disclose information on all clinical studies of its drugs to  settle a lawsuit that accused it of withholding negative  information about the antidepressant Paxil, the New York  Attorney General's office said on Thursday."
A rare break in rough Bering Sea weather is allowing officials to gain a better sense of damage from a large spill in the Aleutian Islands.
"After nearly three years as deputy secretary of technology for the commonwealth of Virginia, Eugene Huang next week will step up to be Gov."
"Avril Doyle, president of the Irish Equestrian Federation, believes Cian O #39;Connor #39;s Olympic medal is tarnished following a positive blood test."
"BC should be FedExing thank you notes to Michael Phelps, Carly Patterson, Natalie Coughlin, Paul Hamm and other American Olympians who have lifted it to the type of strong prime-time ratings "
"Britain #39;s WPP Group Plc has offered to pay more than \$1.25 billion for advertising firm Gray Global Group, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing an unidentified person familiar with the matter."
Design specialists dream up Media Center PCs that look more like furniture.
"JAKARTA The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is united on the need to raise its oil price target to an average of \$30 a barrel, a top Iranian oil official said on Thursday, but the cartel has yet to agree on when to move its price range higher "
BASEBALL Cleveland (AL): Sold INF Erick Almonte to Nippon (Japan). New York (AL): Signed P Tanyon Sturtze.
"US shoppers are starting to get into the holiday spirit, with indices on Tuesday showing sales picking up with only 10 shopping days until Christmas."
"ATLANTA - A massive corporate merger between two health-care giants will result in \$126.5 million of new funding and equipment for Georgia #39;s medical schools and rural hospitals, Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine announced Tuesday."
"Reuters - Lower electrical power consumption,\not just greater data processing oomph, will help a new class\of desktop supercomputers unveiled on Monday turn conventional\industry logic on its head, its designers say."
OTTAWA -- Prime Minister Paul Martin joined world leaders and Malaysian opposition figures yesterday in welcoming the surprise release of former Malaysian deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim after six years in jail.
"Reuters - OPEC vowed Sunday to do what it can\to deflate record high oil prices that have soared above  #36;53 a\barrel, and top exporter Saudi Arabia promised to keep the\world supplied with as much oil as it needs."
Santa Barbara's sheriff asks a judge if he can release the results of an inquiry into Michael Jackson's treatment by police.
"Reuters - Euro Disney wants to use part of a\planned rights issue to build a gut-wrenching new ""Tower of\Terror"" ride that could cost some 150 million euros ( #36;182.2\million), sources familiar with the situation said."
"About a third of all Americans live in counties that do not meet standards for particles of pollution that cause thousands of premature deaths a year, the E.P.A. said."
"Verizon Communications ran thousands of miles of cable to build a VoIP network in Madison Square Garden, while Cisco supplied the networking equipment, IBM donated PCs and servers, and Microsoft provided desktop and systems software."
"General Motors Corp. has pledged to avoid plant closures and layoffs in Europe as it seeks to return its money-losing European operations to profitability, worker representatives said Wednesday."
"Mutual-fund firm Putnam Investments announced it will provide more information about its fees, brokerage commissions and executive pay as part of an effort to regain footing in the wake of the mutual-fund trading scandals."
"AFP - The world's biggest software company, Microsoft Corp, said that its first quarter profits swelled to 2.9 billion dollars as consumers and businesses pumped up demand for new computers."
"Bradley Wiggins had dreamed of winning an Olympic gold since he was 12, but the Londoner got the fright of his life when Brad McGee returned to track racing two years ago."
"Siemens today unveiled the SF65 clamshell style mobile phone with a 1.3 megapixel camera, flash and four times zoom. The swivel style top end has a 16-bit internal colour display with a resolution of 128 x 160 pixels, and on the flip side the camera lens."
Two rival Shia militia groups clash in a town in southern Lebanon and army forces are called in to calm the situation.
" LONDON (Reuters) - Sport's top anti-doping official hailed  the 2004 Olympics as a ""great success"" Friday and revealed that  one in 10 drugs samples taken in Athens had been tested for  human growth hormone (HGH)."
Execs postponed their IPO after Google backed off previous estimates of how much it would charge for its own IPO. By Larry Greenemeier.
"Recently Yahoo unveiled some new features for their email service, Yahoo Mail. Some of the new features include improved search, Address AutoComplete, and full implementation of DomainKeys."
"BEERSHEBA, Israel -- Palestinian suicide bombers blew up two passenger buses in near-simultaneous explosions yesterday afternoon along the main thoroughfare of this southern Israeli city, killing 16 people and shattering a five-month lull in suicide attacks inside the Jewish state."
RELIANCE INDUSTRIES chairman Mukesh Ambani said in a statement on Monday all  quot;ownership issues quot; were settled during his father Dhirubhai Ambani #39;s lifetime.
"ALBUQUERQUE, New Mexico -- An American T-shirt company wants to help US citizens relax on vacation -- by posing as Canadians. TshirtKing."
"MySQL developers turn to an unlikely source for database tool: Microsoft. Also: SGI visualizes Linux, and the return of Java veteran Kim Polese."
"London, England (Sports Network) - Leaders Chelsea and defending champions Arsenal played to an intense 2-2 draw in a London derby Sunday at Highbury."
General Electric Co. said Monday it will sell a majority stake in its global outsourcing business to two US-based equity firms for \$500 million.
"Santander Central Hispano, Spain #39;s biggest bank, named its finance chief Francisco Gomez-Roldan as chief executive of Abbey National after its takeover, squashing expectations "
"Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and improved support for mobile devices. Microsoft will unveil the latest version of its media-oriented operating system tomorrow, positioning "
"AVRICOURT, FRANCE - An anti-nuclear protester was killed in France Sunday when his leg was cut off by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany."
" The spacecraft #39;s test pilots do not wear spacesuits. The craft #39;s space-worthy cockpit is housed within a larger, similarly protective shell."
Traveling this Thanksgiving may not be as easy as it was last year. And that is both good and bad news. On the upside: The long lines at airports 
"OAKLAND, Calif. -- Trent Green completed 14 of 15 passes after halftime for 229 of his 340 yards and hit Eddie Kennison for a tiebreaking 70-yard touchdown with 2:04 left in Kansas City's 34-27 victory over the Oakland Raiders yesterday. Kennison's game-winning catch came at the 35-yard line, then he ran out of the grasp of rookie safety Stuart Schweigert. ..."
"By The Associated Press. Shaquille O #39;Neal, who was traded from the Los Angeles Lakers to the Miami Heat in the off-season, leads the Eastern Conference in early voting for the All-Star Game, and Yao Ming is No."
"REDFORD, Mich. -- Representatives for about 1,300 United Auto Workers members at DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Detroit Diesel engine manufacturing plant reached a tentative agreement Wednesday, one day after going "
"Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic has won the Japan Open with a 5-7, 6-1, 6-3 victory over American Taylor Dent in Tokyo. The fifth-seeded Novak, who beat Lleyton Hewitt in the semi-finals, overcame the seventh "
"P amp;O says it will cut up to 1,200 jobs and slash services as part of a review to reduce costs at its loss-making ferries business."
"While there is growing attention to ongoing genocide in Darfur, this has not translated into either a meaningful international response or an accurate rendering of the scale and evident course of the catastrophe."
"Disputes over Microsoft #39;s intellectual-property claims to its Sender ID technology are unlikely to slow the push toward developing a secure e-mail identity, according to e-mail industry representatives."
"If Roone Arledge invented the modern TV Olympics, Dick Ebersol has imploded it. Everyone wants to watch the Olympics, but they're just too unwatchable -- too much, too fragmented, too staged, too jingoistic, too hyped, too commercialized, too long, too &lt;em&gt;everything&lt;/em&gt;. The Olympics no longer feel Olympian. They feel like a sweeps-week sports reality show."
New York bans a huge rally against President Bush before the Republican Convention on environmental grounds.
Reuters - Filipinos mourned the death of movie\legend Fernando Poe Jr on Tuesday after the actor who nearly\unseated Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in May's presidential election\suffered a stroke at the weekend.
"Urban Meyer, who guided Utah to an 11- 0 record this season, was named football coach at the University of Florida today. Meyer received a seven-year, \$14 million contract to replace Ron Zook, who was fired Oct."
"AP - A rapidly strengthening Hurricane Ivan churned closer to the Caribbean, packing sustained winds of 135 mph with meteorologists saying it's possible that the system could reach Category 5 status."
A faster-than-expected thaw of the Arctic is likely to open legendary short-cut routes between the Pacific and the Atlantic but experts say 
"The recall of Merck #39;s arthritis drug Vioxx has drawn attention to drug overall safety, more specifically, a similar drug known as Celebrex, by the drug maker Pfizer."
"AP - Scientists working for the government have developed standards to measure the accuracy of anthrax detection tests, hoping to steer first responders away from tests that have delivered too many false readings."
"Airbus got tentative approval on Monday to market a new model to rival Boeing Co. #39;s 7E7 from parent firm EADS, which said a final decision was expected next month."
"UAL Corp., the bankrupt parent of United Airlines, announced Wednesday plans to cut domestic flights by 12 percent, while increasing more profitable international schedules by 14 percent."
"Havana, Oct 28 (AIN) For the 13th consecutive time, the United Nations General Assembly voted Thursday for the lifting of the US economic, financial and commercial blockade against Cuba."
"ARKALYK, KAZAKHSTAN -- A Soyuz capsule carrying a US-Russian crew back to Earth after six months at the international space station landed safely and on target in Kazakhstan early today."
"David Moorcroft believes Paula Radcliffe is capable of making the impossible possible by competing in the Olympic 10,000metres in Athens."
"Peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight Oracle, has returned to profit."
"TOKYO - US beef exports to Japan, valued at more than US\$1.7 billion last year, will resume in a matter of weeks after Tokyo agreed to ease a 10-month ban on the meat brought by a lone case of mad cow disease in Washington state."
A federal judge rejected a request from the woman who accused the basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape to remain anonymous in her civil lawsuit.
Bill Belichick #39;s post-game wave to his kids in the stands usually resembles that of a man on a street corner trying to hail a cab.
"Peace talks addressing Sudan's troubled region of Darfur are set to resume in the Nigerian capital, Abuja."
"SAN DIEGO -- Ken Caminiti was fearless on a baseball field, where he made incredible stops at third base, swatted home runs from both sides of the plate and played through pain that would wither most anyone else."
"AFP - Brazil, Germany, India and Japan launched a joint bid for permanent seats on a reformed UN Security Council, saying in a statement that they backed each other's candidacies."
"After they both finished 6-10 a year ago, the Jets and Pittsburgh Steelers have found themselves linked again, but now in their rise to the N.F.L.'s upper echelon."
Reuters - A reclusive Russian may have\solved one of the world's toughest mathematics problems and\stands to win  #36;1 million -- but he doesn't appear to care.
High winds and torrential rain battered the southwestern Japanese island of Kyushu on Monday as powerful typhoon Chaba hit the coast on its way north.
"Lenovo Group Limited, a Personal Computer brand in China and across Asia has announced a definitive agreement under which Lenovo will acquire IBM #39;s Personal Computing Division to form the world #39;s third-largest PC business, bringing IBM #39;s enterprise-class "
"WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--NGC Holdings (NGC.NZ), a New Zealand-based gas distribution and metering concern, is seeking liquified petroleum gas and electricity network businesses in its quest for growth, the Dominion Post reported on its Web site Wednesday. "
Novell Inc. is reporting a big turnaround in its financial picture. The networking company is reporting a third-quarter profit of \$23.
"OPEC, the producer of more than a third of the world #39;s oil, expects prices will recover from their second-largest drop this year as nations enforce yesterday #39;s decision to lower output, ministers said."
"Following a similar chip announcement from AMD in mid-October, Intel this week has released a chip targeting the gamer segment. The Pentium 4 processor Extreme Edition supporting Hyper-Threading (HT) technology "
"World News, Tehran, Oct 11 (IANS) Iran and Russia are close to finalising the agreement on return of spent nuclear fuel, paving the way for Iran #39;s first atomic power plant to become operational, reports Xinhua."
"A double suicide car bomb attack has devastated a police station just outside Baghdad #39;s fortified Green Zone, killing seven people and wounding 57 in the latest strike against Iraq #39;s beleaguered security forces."
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. boxing team sucked on sour  grapes after being left with just one gold medal prospect in  the Olympic boxing tournament Friday.
"MONTREAL - Third-quarter profit at Alcan Inc. almost doubled, the company said Thursday, crediting higher aluminum prices and more shipments."
" TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan condemned China's proposed  anti-secession law on Saturday, calling it a move to establish  a legal basis to attack the island."
"As grieving Palestinians flocked to Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb to pay their last respects, his successors yesterday promised a swift election to replace him."
"OTTAWA - A Canadian inventor has designed a computer mouse steered by movements of the nose and eyelids. The invention, dubbed a  quot;Nouse, quot; is meant to help people with a disability use a computer."
"Whether you want the iPod Photo (www.apple.com/ipodphoto) depends, then, on how much money you #39;re willing to spend and the value you place on looking at images of friends and family on a two "
"UK police charged Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri with 15 offenses, including encouraging the murder of non-Muslims and inciting racial hatred."
"from the this-isn #39;ta-court-of-justice,-son,-this-is-a-court-of-law dept. Iphtashu Fitz writes  quot;The Associated Press recently reviewed many of the copyright infringement lawsuits that the RIAA filed against "
 ABIDJAN (Reuters) - An exodus of foreigners from Ivory  Coast showed no signs of easing Saturday as West African  leaders prepared to meet in Nigeria for emergency talks about a  crisis which threatens the entire region.
"He was a young phenom then, much like Jeff Francis is now, and it was former Rockies pitcher Marvin Freeman who pinned the moniker on the 6-foot-6, apparently good-looking right-hander from Oklahoma City during the spring of 1996."
Hewlett-Packard will resell PathScale's compiling tools for high-performing clusters.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cablevision Systems Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;CVC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday posted a smaller third-quarter net loss as revenue rose  20 percent.."
"By MARK METHERELL, MATT WADE, TOM ALLARD and COSIMA MARRINER. Australia #39;s prime minister John Howard has proffered \$A1 billion in new handouts to older Australians two days after Labor #39;s \$A2."
Millions of Indonesians vote Monday in an historic run-off presidential election amid doubts whoever is elected will solve the country #39;s chronic problems.
"NewsFactor - In Part 1 of this series, \Gartner research director Scott Nelson made the case that the decision to buy a CRM application involves much more than price, implementation costs and strategic goals of the company."
"Barry Bonds barely missed his 700th homer, but JT Snow connected following yet another walk to the San Francisco slugger and the Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8-1 behind Brett Tomko #39;s four-hitter Wednesday night."
"Four homeless men were bludgeoned to death and six were in critical condition on Friday following early morning attacks by unknown assailants in downtown streets of Sao Paulo, a police spokesman said."
"SunTrust Banks Inc., the eighth- largest US bank, fired its chief credit officer and two other executives and said it made numerous errors #39; #39; in determining how much to set aside for bad loans in this year #39;s first half."
"The Ulster Defense Association, Northern Ireland #39;s largest outlawed group, announced Sunday it wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts, a potentially significant step forward in the peace process."
"A weakened Lindsay Davenport lost to defending champion Anastasia Myskina 6-4, 7-6 (1) Saturday in the Kremlin Cup semifinals in Moscow but will still regain the No."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices ended lower on Monday  despite notching a record high earlier in the day as the  Norwegian government moved to end an oil workers' labor dispute  that threatened shipments from the world's third largest  exporter.
"A former U.S.-trained Colombian army officer who later joined an outlawed paramilitary group was killed in a clash with army troops Tuesday, the army said."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States, under pressure  from South Korea, has agreed to stretch over an additional  three years until 2008 the withdrawal of 12,500 American  troops, U.S. officials said on Wednesday."
"For Republicans trying to hold the White House four more years, it didn #39;t look good: The son of the late President Ronald Reagan, the party #39;s modern savior, addressing "
Mississippi State #39;s victory over 20th-ranked Florida -- easily the biggest upset of the 2004 season -- signaled the beginning of a bright future for first-year Bulldogs coach Sylvester Croom and the beginning of the end for third-year Gators head man Ron 
"AP - Duke Bainum outspent Mufi Hannemann in Honolulu's most expensive mayoral race, but apparently failed to garner enough votes in Saturday's primary to claim the office outright."
"A service pack should be out by summer next year, and a full upgrade is expected by the end of the year. By TechWeb.com. Labeling 2005 a  quot;breakout year quot; for its server operating-system line, Microsoft has laid out a revised map for Windows Server 2003."
"As Delta Air Lines Inc. struggles for its financial future, the carrier is entrenched in an intense political fight over desirable routes to China that could have an economic impact of \$400 million."
Ian Poulter won a play-off with Sergio Garcia yesterday to guarantee his season is remembered for more than funny trousers and a Ryder Cup cap.
"NOT ONLY HAS it moved beyond the realm of science fiction, but the Arctic ice cap #39;s melting has been much faster than anyone has suspected."
"Andrea Miles was supposed to arrive here from California to spend the holiday weekend with mother, stepfather and 13-year-old brother."
"PRINCE William has declared his wish to fight on the frontline beside his fellow soldiers should the need arise. The second in line to the throne, who confirmed he is considering an army career "
"Guangdong police have started accepting permanent residence applications from foreigners, Shenzhen Daily reported on Monday. The provincial public security department had issued "
"With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush administration said on Thursday it will negotiate with refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan."
"The bad blood returns! And it may be exactly what the United States needed to turn the tide in the Ryder Cup. Thanks to Englishman -- by birth, really -- Paul Casey, the hugs and kisses the Americans and Europeans "
"The brother of a British hostage in Iraq says intelligence officers raided his Dutch home, copied data from his computer and forced him to make a five-page statement about his activities."
An agreed bid for aiports operator TBI was the most notable feature for investors in a flat open to trading in London on Wednesday.
"Operating cash flow is the best growth path there is, and Kenneth Cole is on it."
"Brighton (England), September 29: Prime Minister Tony Blair said on Tuesday Britain must build a new skills base to avoid losing jobs to developing economies like China and India."
"WHILST Nicolas Anelka appears to play his own version of I #39;mA Celebrity Get Me Out of Here, #39; the rest of the City squad are getting on with making a decent fist of life in the Premiership jungle."
"In dozens of schools across the city, New York City's nearly 1.1 million public school students returned for the opening of a new school year."
Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis insists he is done talking about Terrell Owens and the deal that almost brought the wideout to Baltimore.
"US President George W Bush has telephoned the Rev Ian Paisley in a bid to help revive power sharing in Northern Ireland. Rev Paisley, 78, said he had  quot;a long and very useful conversation quot; with Mr Bush as Protestant "
" BANGKOK (Reuters) - Japan is confident it can secure the  votes needed to resume commercial trade in whale products and  that this would be a step toward lifting a ban on hunting the  marine giants, a Japanese official said Wednesday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rookie John Van Benschoten pitched  eight strong innings to seize his first major league victory,  powering the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Houston Astros 6-1 in  the National League Friday."
"The US Labor Department said Thursday inflation at the consumer level remained tame in August. The consumer price index rose 0.1 percent in August, reversing a 0.1 percent decline in July, the Labor Department said."
"North Carolina finally beat Kentucky again, thanks to Rashad McCants and Sean May. Jawad Williams helped a bunch, too. McCants scored 28 points, May had 14 points and 19 rebounds and Williams tipped in a miss "
"In the first major political backlash over the assault on Fallujah, Iraqs most prominent Sunni political party said Tuesday it was withdrawing from the interim Iraqi government, while the leading group of Sunni clerics called for Iraqis to boycott the "
Google on Thursday fixed a security flaw in its Web search service that could have allowed malicious hackers to modify its pages. According to a report posted to the Bugtraq Security Focus list on Wednesday 
"Zimbabwe #39;s Movement For Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai enters the High Court for his treason trial in Harare, Friday, Oct. 15, 2004."
" VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran has agreed in principle to renew a  freeze of some sensitive nuclear activities in a move  apparently aimed at easing pressure ahead of a U.N. nuclear  watchdog meeting next week, diplomats said Tuesday."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen abducted six Egyptians and four Iraqis working for Iraq's mobile phone company, seizing two in a bold raid on the firm's Baghdad office and the others outside the capital, officials said Friday, the latest in a string of kidnappings that have underscored the country's fragile security.    Also Friday, a rocket hit the busy Baghdad thoroughfare Palestine Street..."
"Texas will be left out in the cold again, USC #39;s free ride and a break down of who should play in the Orange Bowl. It #39;ll take nothing short of a loss by California or Utah for Mack Brown and Texas to get into the BCS."
"Hometown boy Jim O'Brien has found that returning to Philadelphia as head coach is as tough as a week-old cheesesteak. With three new starters, the 76ers are scuffling at 6-10."
A host of companies led by Microsoft and Intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate.
"Feyenoord beat Schalke 04 2-1 at the De Kuip stadium on Wednesday evening to progress with their German opponents to the knockout stage of the UEFA Cup from Group A. Schalke, already qualified for the business "
Antawn Jamison scores 27 points and the Wizards shut out the Celtics for the first 4:47 of overtime in a 110-105 victory Wednesday.
Think it's tough figuring out what to whip up for dinner? Try figuring out what to eat during a two-and-half-year trip to Mars and back. Food scientists have some solutions on the plate. By Karen Lurie.
"London, September 24: Having defied all predictions, West Indies will seek to clinch their first major title in over two decades when they take on an equally determined England in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy on Saturday."
" CHICAGO (Reuters) - Lucent Technologies Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LU.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;LU.N&lt;/A&gt;, among  the world's largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on  Wednesday said quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by  improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs."
"Long-term use increases the risk of developing tumors, new research indicates."
US Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry said he would expand the low-income housing focus of mortgage finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie 
"The agreement with Connexion by Boeing will give iPass customers Wi-Fi access while flying, while Boeing gets a partner that knows how to sell service contracts for hot spot connectivity to business travelers."
"TechWeb - Passwords, the dominant form of securing enterprise assets, are a failure, a research firm says."
"The Bush administration should spend more on cybersecurity research, share threat information with private-sector security vendors and set up an emergency computer network that would continue working during Internet blackouts, a computer security trade group said today."
A couple of the somebodies around here are going to walk away from Flushing Meadow with a million bucks apiece in their petty cash stash. You can call them champ.
The brawl that erupted last week at a basketball game has exposed the weakness of a common assumption: that anger can be treated almost as if it were an infection.
Oracle Corp. may have won a major antitrust fight with the Justice Department last week over its proposed acquisition of PeopleSoft Inc.
Ukrainian MPs fail to adopt election law changes the opposition says are needed to avert fraud in a new run-off.
"Ted Lilly's three-hit shutout against the surging Boston Red Sox was barely the best pitching performance in the American League.    Detroit's Jeremy Bonderman struck out a career-high 14 Monday night in a 7-0 victory over the Chicago White Sox, and Scott Kazmir pitched five scoreless innings to win his major league debut for Tampa Bay..."
"SCO #39;s decision to rethink its scoinfo.com website, which the company had floated as a way of providing an archive of legal filings, hearing dates and SCO positions on various matters, is perhaps the first sign of common sense from the company for three "
"Officials in southern Florida began evacuating some people from the Keys as Hurricane Ivan ripped through Grenada, leaving at least 15 dead."
"People who use public or workplace computers for e-mail, instant messaging and Web searching have a new privacy risk to worry about: Google's free new tool that indexes a PC's contents for quickly locating data."
"Microsoft Xbox Live traffic on service provider networks quadrupled following the November 9th launch of Halo-II -- which set entertainment industry records by selling 2.4-million units in the US and Canada on the first day of availability, driving cash "
"Reuters - EBay Inc. offered about  #36;530 million to\buy the remainder of South Korean affiliate Internet Auction\Co. Ltd. as it pushes deeper into Asia, saying key shareholders\had accepted a 79 percent increase to an earlier offer."
"The Israeli army pours into the West Bank city of Jenin, sparking firefights with Palestinians."
Rangers fall to second in Uefa Cup group F after losing 1-0 away to Dutch side AZ Alkmaar. The home side looked impressive as their slick passing opened up the Rangers defence early on allowing Danny Landzaat to fire home past Stefan Klos.
"The offices of the Equestrian Federation of Ireland were broken into in another twist in the Irish Olympic gold medal controversy, it has emerged today."
Scrushy faces fewer counts for role in accounting scandal after grand jury consolidates old charges. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal grand jury Wednesday consolidated charges against HealthSouth Corp.
Hollinger International has extended an olive branch to former chief executive Lord Black by offering him a share in the proceeds of the 665m sale of the Daily and Sunday Telegraph.
"The Motley Fool - Today, the Mozilla Foundation's Firefox browser officially launched -- welcome, version 1.0. In a way, it's much ado about nothing, seeing how it wasn't that long ago that we reported on how Mozilla had set its sights on chipping away at Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT - News) Internet Explorer browser's ubiquity. However, the Firefox launch does bode mention, especially considering a top story from CNET today pointed to the fact that the MyDoom virus is back in action."
" MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Global chip equipment sales are  expected to fall 5.15 percent in 2005, an industry group said  on Wednesday in a sharp reversal from its July forecast of  growth of 23.98 percent."
"Siemens AG has acquired Chantry Networks, a step that will extend its enterprise offerings and Voice over Internet Protocol into the wireless local area network space."
"distribute 100 million copies of Windows XP Service Pack 2 within two months of the critical security update #39;s release. On Wednesday, Microsoft declared success."
Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster.com is dropping support for the authentication service.
"Reuters - A huge explosion rocked North Korea near\the border with China three days ago, producing a mushroom\cloud that sparked speculation that Pyongyang might have tested\an atomic weapon, Yonhap news agency reported on Sunday."
The man at the center of the nation #39;s first spyware case - businessman notorious for his junk Internet mailings  -s federal regulators were politically 
"AP - Leading senators expressed concern Sunday about a report that the CIA has secretly moved as many as a dozen unidentified prisoners out of Iraq in the past six months, a possible violation of international treaties."
"HUNTINGDON VALLEY, Pa. (Dow Jones/AP) -- Toll Brothers Inc. Wednesday said profit for its latest quarter surged 56 percent as demand for new luxury homes remained strong."
"Oracle said that it was at an impasse with PeopleSoft Inc., signaling that the two software makers will wage a proxy battle."
"NewsFactor - Two companies specializing in Linux-based cluster systems for high performance computing have drawn the interest of investors, giving each a substantial financial boost."
TOP-seeded American Vincent Spadea cruised past compatriot James Blake 6-3 6-1 here to reach the quarter-finals of the Millennium International tournament today.
"From the sales of Halloween masks to the outcome of a Washington Redskins game, amateur prognosticators are looking for almost any indicator that might point to who will "
"Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard LLC, is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as he readies the world #39;s largest closely held investment bank for a share sale, people familiar with the situation said."
"Once seen as the embodiment of evil, devices that record satellite radio are making inroads without much fight from the recording industry. By John Gartner."
Vagner Love struck the killer blow to Rangers #39; Champions League ambitions as CSKA Moscow left Ibrox with a deserved 3-2 victory on aggregate.
"Substitute striker Marlon King scored in the final seconds to give second division Nottingham Forest a 2-1 win over West Ham United on Sunday, as fans and players paid tribute to late Forest manager Brian Clough."
"Pick your vehicle #151;stock car, motorcycle, pickup truck, riding lawn mower #151;and competitors in the United States race them. So, too, the solar-powered car."
"AP - Top Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou withdrew Wednesday from the Athens Games, nearly a week after the duo missed a drug test and were hospitalized after a mysterious motorcycle crash."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled against the euro on  Wednesday, as traders shrugged off the surge in U.S. consumer  prices in October and focused more on the upcoming G20 finance  minister's meeting in Berlin starting from Friday."
"In the third quarter of an interactive Sunday matinee at Madison Square Garden, a fan sitting behind the Denver basket shouted a question to Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony."
"The Bison collect their first road victory of the season, 10-7, against Bethune Cookman on Saturday. Jarah Williams catches the game-winning touchdown pass."
"ZURICH, Switzerland -- Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia defeated Russian wild card Vera Douchevina 6-1, 6-4 Monday in the opening round of the \$1."
The International Monetary Fund warns that rising interest rates in some of the world's biggest economies may slow global house price growth.
DreamWorks Animation Studios said Wednesday it would postpone the release of  quot;Shrek 3 quot; to May 2007 from November 2006. The announcement came a day after 
Russia #39;s troubled Yukos oil company says it is being forced to slash production and expenditures because the government has frozen its assets.
The British and Irish governments are due to present the DUP and Sinn Fin with further clarification today of their proposals for a deal on the North #39;s political future.
The Colts' Edgerrin James's two touchdowns and 124 yards rushing plus Reggie Wayne's 119 yards receiving with two scores produces an impressive 31-17 win over the Titans on Sunday.
"Graphics chip maker Nvidia on Friday made public plans to create a version of its nForce chipset for Intel processor PCs. That #39;s something Nvidia couldn #39;t legally do in the past, but can now, thanks to a broad patent swap with Intel."
Computer maker sees to recover \$8.6 million in pricing discounts granted to a hardware reseller in Tennessee.
"Dell Inc., the largest personal-computer maker, has reported third-quarter profit jumped 25 percent as US business customers boosted spending on PCs and demand from foreign "
Two suspected Israeli spies convicted of trying to obtain a false passport are deported from New Zealand.
"NASA #39;s Cassini orbiter began transmitting data and images from Saturn #39;s moon Titan on Tuesday, providing the closest look at the mysterious moon that humans have ever seen."
"By now, most of us can agree that ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football quot; opening was lasciviously over-the-top, a crass effort at cross-promotion and titillation."
The European Union #39;s head office said Monday it had filed a complaint against the United States and Canada for failing to lift sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef.
"CORAL GABLES, Fla. -- After his team's dramatic victory over No. 7 Connecticut last week, Minuteman Anthony Anderson said,  quot;We've been saying this is our year. quot;"
"The Minnesota Wild re-signed defenceman Nick Schultz to a one-year contract on Tuesday. Schultz established career-highs in games played (79), goals (6), assists (10), points (16), shots (72) and plus/minus rating (12) last season."
"BERLIN, Nov. 16 -- A small spacecraft has made it into lunar orbit, marking a key milestone in Europe #39;s first successful mission to the moon and setting the stage for the craft to begin studying the lunar "
"Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession yesterday, killing at least 11 people, including a US soldier, and wounding 16, US and Iraqi officials said."
Saudi Arabia #39;s oil minister Ali Naimi said Monday that the  quot;fear factor quot; over supplies has added \$10 to \$15 a barrel to the price of oil and reiterated that his country is working toward lifting its sustainable oil production capacity.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently rolled out an Intranet that has helped it handle overflow processing for hurricane disaster relief.
Luke Donald and Paul Casey took a giant stride towards what would be only the second-ever victory for England in golf #39;s World Cup.
"Do you love Google? Thanks to the search site, anyone can easily find the capitals of states, pictures of Lego pieces and the name of that NKOTB guy on The Surreal Life (Jordan Knight)."
"Microsoft is promoting its Windows Media Center Extender devices as the easiest way to get music, photos and video from a Media Center PC to a stereo or TV."
"If you #39;re tired of paying late fees forDVD and video rentals, Blockbuster says you don #39;t have to do that anymore. As of January first, Blockbuster says it will change its policy on late fees."
"The world will be living with volatile oil prices for years to come, but this years price spike should not be serious enough to push the US into a recession, US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday."
London - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has been given a vote of confidence from the Football Association (FA) with the governing body dismissing suggestions they would be prepared to let the Swede leave for Real Madrid.
"Facing hearings on her nomination as European Union Competition Commissioner, Neelie Kroes is virtually certain to be asked whether the honorary degree she awarded to Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates in 1996 could influence her handling of the ongoing EU antitrust "
"The New York Yankees, who make enough money to know better, want the rest of Jason Giambi #39;s contract voided because he admitted to using what can fairly be called a cornucopia of pharmaceuticals."
"Linguists see the computer as one important way of saving hundreds of languages in Africa, some spoken only be a few dozen elders."
AP - The PGA Tour has always had an impeccable sense of timing when it comes to negotiating television contracts.
"AP - Though Congress approved a  #36;1.2 billion subsidy for Amtrak, the money-losing passenger railroad still is careening toward a major disruption in service."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt was down a sliver  on Monday, but four straight days of selling appeared to be  sputtering out as investors awaited key events like a speech  from the Fed chairman and the crucial September jobs report."
Eastman Kodak Co. and Lexar Media Inc. have expanded digital media card offerings with new Kodak picture cards. Lexar will distribute and market Kodak xD-Picture Cards through both companies global retail 
"A city councilor is proposing stiffer penalties for crimes committed around Boston sports events, in a measure aimed at deterring game-related violence and vandalism."
"General Motors Corp. will close a Baltimore assembly plant next year that employs about 1,100 people and makes two van models that are being discontinued, a spokesman for the world's biggest automaker said Tuesday."
The National Football League on Monday said it will extend broadcast rights for television networks CBS and FOX to air Sunday afternoon football games through 2011 in deals worth a combined \$8 billion.
"Massachusetts Electric Co. , the state's biggest utility, reached a \$71 million agreement with Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly to freeze most rates through March 1 and offer all customers a monthly credit averaging 43 cents for the year after that. With the seven-year-old system of state-controlled  quot;standard offer quot; power rates set to expire in March, the settlement pact is ..."
"An Algerian who has been held without trial or charges since 2001 under anti-terrorism laws was freed by the British government Monday, his lawyer said."
Insensitivity to cultural issues has led to some of the software giant's products being banned in some countries.
The NCAA yesterday denied the University of Southern California #39;s request to restore the college football eligibility of all-American wide receiver Mike Williams.
Actor Christopher Reeve became a worldwide advocate for spinal cord research after a near-fatal riding accident left him a quadriplegic.
VISITING US secretary of defence Donald Rumsfeld sent a strong message on Thursday that the second Bush regime was keen on strengthening strategic ties with India.
Academy Award-winning screenwriter Roger Avary has sued Microsoft Corp. in California for purportedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio after the software giant sought his 
"Myles Walsh stole the spolight in what is normally hailed as the Drew Carey show in Masconomet, as the Chieftains claimed a 28-7 victory over visiting Newburyport (1-5)."
"Nov. 18, 2004 - An FDA scientist says the FDA, which is charged with protecting America #39;s prescription drug supply, is incapable of doing so."
A key prediction of Albert Einstein #39;s general theory of relativity has been confirmed by an experiment showing that the Earth #39;s rotation drags the surrounding fabric of space-time along with it.
 ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell threw for a  career-high 374 yards along with three touchdowns as  third-ranked Auburn stated its case for a spot in the Orange  Bowl with a 38-28 victory over No. 15 Tennessee in the  Southeastern Conference Championship at the Georgia Dome.
"Composite applications require user interface work in native language, company says."
" FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Freescale Semiconductor Inc. has won  a long-term contract worth more than 200 million euros (\$246  million) to supply car components to Siemens, the companies  said on Monday."
AP - The Dallas Cowboys can only imagine how different their season might be had Julius Jones been healthy the whole time.
Chan Ho Park pitches six strong innings in his return from the disabled list and Texas equals its win total from last year by easily defeating Minnesota 8-3.
"AP - A 20-year-old man has been arrested in England in the theft of the proprietary software blueprints used by Cisco Systems Inc.'s networking equipment, police and the company confirmed Friday."
"Faced with mountains of inventory, quick thinking by some semiconductor manufacturers helped the market avoid its first decrease in chip sales since the war in Iraq began."
"AP - Rafael Palmeiro didn't return to Texas a bitter man. There are too many good memories at the place he called home the past five seasons, and where he hit his 500th homer last year."
"touchdown. QB Kurt Warner (13) passed 16 yards to WR Amani Toomer (81), setting up this first-and-10 situation from the Giants #39; 45 with 9:45 left in the first quarter."
"AP - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair returned to the starting lineup Sunday, but running back Chris Brown was inactive against the Jacksonville Jaguars."
Baseball #39;s plan to move the Expos to Washington might come apart after the District of Columbia Council voted Tuesday night to require private financing for at least half the cost of a new ballpark.
"SAN JOSE, Calif. A Union City start-up company is introducing a service today that is sure to raise the eyebrows of Hollywood. Orb Networks will unveil a service that allows subscribers to remotely access "
"Viacom Inc. has reshuffled its executive ranks, placings its Paramount television production under the control of CBS Entertainment President Nancy Tellem."
"INDIA - 350-year-anniversary celebrations devoted to the jubilee of the famous mausoleum Taj Mahal will start tomorrow in India. The worldwide known historic architectural gem, the snow-white Taj Mahal, was "
" BioVeris Corp. stands to lose most or all of its \$41.2 million investment in a joint venture with its chief executive's son if he doesn't raise money to keep it operating, the company said yesterday in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission."
"Yao Ming and his Houston Rockets entertained Chinese basketball fans with two real NBA games this weekend, though they were just two pre-season games against the Sacramento Kings."
Virginia Tech keeps its coaching staff intact by signing its assistants to the longest guaranteed contracts in major college football.
"Bee Staff Writer. SANTA CLARA - The 49ers were hoping to return from their week off with a roster full of healthy bodies. Instead, they went through Wednesday #39;s practice with their most "
The chipmaker and Craig McCaw's latest company partner on WiMax--a significant move for the emerging industry.
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said he believed Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was alive but that he was unsure where he was hiding.
"ARLINGTON, Va. - US Airways Group said Friday that it has reached agreement with General Electric Co. on aircraft leasing and financing terms to help the airline lower costs and reduce debt as it seeks to avoid liquidation."
"Third baseman Tony Batista officially files for free agency Thursday, becoming the most significant member of the new Washington franchise to do so."
"TOKYO : A series of powerful earthquakes in central Japan, with an initial tremor measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale, left 19 people dead and four missing and injured nearly 900 people, police said."
"TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks gave details of previously announced job cuts Thursday, saying it is cutting 950 jobs in Canada - almost 10 per cent of its workforce in this country-and 1,400 in the United States among a total of 3,250 to be eliminated "
"Reuters - 3M Co.  and American Standard\Cos. Inc.  cast a shadow of disappointment on Monday as\the busiest week yet of the corporate earnings period got under\way, and analysts cautioned not to expect the profit picture to\brighten soon."
"If they resemble past debates, the impact this year will go well beyond a mere judgment of who won and who lost."
"MOSCOW - A top Kremlin official said Thursday that the Yukos affair was  quot;just the beginning quot; of the state #39;s battle against tax offenders, but should not inhibit foreigners from investing in Russia."
"NEW YORK - Stock investors this week should get more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect."
"Bill Parcells #39; players have tried to hit him -nd that #39;s just fine with the two-time Super Bowl-champion coach.  quot;We #39;ve had a few quot; players take a swing at him, Parcells "
GenVec Inc. shares lost almost half their value Thursday after the Food and Drug Administration halted a study of its lead product candidate because the anti-cancer drug may increase blood clots in patients.
"All season, Chris Barnicle seemed prepared for just about everything, but the Newton North senior was not ready for the hot weather he encountered yesterday in San Diego at the Footlocker Cross-Country National Championships. Racing in humid conditions with temperatures in the 70s, the Massachusetts Division 1 state champion finished sixth in 15 minutes 34 seconds in the 5-kilometer race. ..."
"Before Astros righthander Roy Oswalt starts today #39;s Game 4 of the NLCS, he #39;ll need a painkiller injection for an aggravated left rib cage muscle."
"MIAMI - Hurricane Charley probably will not cause Floridians' insurance premiums to skyrocket like 1992's Andrew, and fewer insurers should go bankrupt from paying out damages expected to reach the billions of dollars, state and industry officials said Saturday.    They say previous premium increases and overhauls made because of Andrew, the most expensive natural disaster in U.S..."
"It was a wild ride and NC State held on for as long as it could, but eventually it reached speeds too high for the Wolfpack, as No."
"The last time Rich Gannon saw defensive players wearing Tampa Bay uniforms he threw them the football five times. That, of course, was almost 20 months ago in the Buccaneers #39; 48-21 demolition of the Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII."
"AP - In desperate need of frontcourt help, the Charlotte Bobcats activated forward Jamal Sampson on Monday even though he isn't 100 percent healthy."
New PalmOne handheld doubles as flash drive and retains data even when the battery runs down.
PRINCE Charles has asked Scotland Yard for an in-depth report on his son Harry #39;s trip to Argentina after reports of excessive drinking and a kidnap plot.
"underpar writes  quot;According to this ZDNet.com article, Microsoft  #39;has launched a pilot program in which some visitors to the main Windows download page are being asked to let the software maker check to see whether their copy of the operating system is "
"As bruising and violent as most Sundays are around the NFL, it's hard to top last week's for physical pain."
"SYDNEY: News Corp Ltd said it plans to hold a shareholder vote on its proposed reincorporation to the US at its annual general meeting in Adelaide on Oct 26, after obtaining approval from Australia #39;s Federal Court earlier yesterday."
Greg Rusedski eased into the second round of the St Petersburg Open with a straight-sets win over Swiss veteran Marc Rosset. The Briton won 6-4 6-3 to set up a second-round clash with Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic.
They were on the cusp of reaching the World Series in 1980. They had the vaunted New York Mets on the ropes in the 1986 National League Championship Series.
"AP - Countering severe criticism of the CIA, the agency's departing deputy director called for an end to the ""tirades and hyperbole"" that he said are hampering constructive debate about needed intelligence reform."
THE battle against spam took a turn for the worse yesterday when America Online pulled back support for an industry-wide email authentication system aimed at reducing junk email.
"Reuters - Inventories at U.S. wholesalers rose\a slightly-less-than-expected 0.5 percent in September as\stocks of automotive goods declined, a government report showed\on Tuesday."
"OTTAWA - An indicator that gives an early look at Canada #39;s economic situation showed more signs of slowing in September, Statistics Canada said Wednesday."
IBM is making a big deal out of its announcement of three Power5 processor-based servers. The machines are faster than those built by competitors Hewlett-Packard and Sun.
ATHENS : Allen Iverson scored 17 points despite a fractured right thumb and the reeling United States team was pushed to the brink before beating Greece 77-71 in an Olympic preliminary round basketball game. 
"HONG KONG China Mobile (Hong Kong), the world #39;s largest cellphone operator by customers, said Wednesday that first-half profit rose 7.8 percent from a year earlier after the company won more new customers than China Unicom by offering cheaper services. "
"Andre Agassi still has a few appointments left on the tour that he wants to keep. One is with Jim McIngvale, the Texas furniture businessman who last year seemed to think that the \$27m he had invested in the "
"a large hole, quot; said Parsons.  quot;Our expectation is that we #39;ll fix the tank and there won #39;t be anything like that we #39;ll have to deal with."
"InfoWorld - Sun Microsystems on Monday gave its NetBeans IDE 4.1 developers a rolling start toward working with the 4.1 version of the product, shipping an early access release that features support for Enterprise Edition 1.4 with EJB and Web services."
"ON IPatch monitors, ensures networked Windows systems are current in midsize businesss."
"Kobe Bryant #39;s defense team has asked the judge presiding over his rape trial to dismiss the sexual assault charge, even as prospective jurors are being questioned, ABC News has learned."
USATODAY.com - A number of spending initiatives promoted by President Bush as he seeks re-election are set to get less money than he wants from the Republicans who control Congress.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Judges were in the firing line at the  Athens Games Tuesday after angry gymnastics fans mutinied and  Russia drafted a fierce protest to Olympics bosses.
"Looking for an answer to a specific question?  Check out this list of the best reference sites of 2004, as compiled by the American Library Association."
"Jockey Stewart Elliott made a successful visit to Aqueduct as he swept both stakes on the Election Day card. Elliott, who came to prominence as the regular jockey of 2004 "
"A peace deal between rebel gangs in Nigeria helped drag the price of a barrel of oil back below \$50 in New York yesterday, giving a boost to the equity markets and pushing "
"Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi smiles during a visit with Iraqi troops at Camp Fallujah, on the outskirts of Fallujah, Iraq, Monday, Nov. 8, 2004."
"The sacking of Prime Minister Gen Khin Nyunt this week came as no great surprise. What did come as a surprise, however, was that the state-run press simply said that he was permitted to retire "
"Biological and genetic weapons should take cue from online viruses and worms, British doctors say."
"Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc. (MMC) reported on Monday that Roger Egan, president and COO of Marsh Inc., its risk and insurance services subsidiary, and Christopher Treanor, Marsh Inc."
"Jill Dutt, assistant managing editor for Financial news, takes your questions on The Washington Post's coverage of business and finance."
"SAN FRANCISCO Today the idea of building a custom-designed workstation computer in Silicon Valley seems quaint. In both engineering and scientific markets, inexpensive off-the-shelf systems, coupled with the "
"We are all used to IE getting a monthly new security bug found, but Winamp? In fact, this is not the first security flaw found in the application."
"The UK has been replaced by France as the top destination for asylum seekers in the industrialised world, says the UN."
"They spent the summer marveling over their lineup changes and their improvement, the big-name veterans they signed and the strategic concepts they imported from the champion New England Patriots."
"The public school system in Toledo, Ohio, is eyeing the resurrection of a \$4.3 million PeopleSoft accounting and HR software installation abandoned five years ago."
"Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died Sunday. He was 41."
"Crude oil prices retreated Monday as Norwegian officials ordered striking oil workers to resume their work, reducing market #39;s fears over disruptions in Norwegian oil supplies."
"SEATTLE -- US trade authorities, prodded by The Boeing Co., reignited a long-dormant trade war Wednesday by filing a complaint before the World Trade Organization accusing the European Union of buoying aircraft maker Airbus with \$15 billion in illegal "
An intruder who cracked a U.C. Berkeley research system in August had access to private data on 1.4 million caregivers and beneficiaries participating in a state social program. \
Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley is due to meet British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London today as part of ongoing efforts to restore devolved government in the North.
"PARIS, Oct 29 (AFP) - Two major French industrial groups, telecommunications equipment maker Sagem and aerospace engine manufacturer Snecma, announced merger plans Friday that would lead to privatisation of the latter."
ENIOR British Airways executives face the sack after the staff shortage fiasco that crippled the airline #39;s operations at Heathrow last week and threatens to do the same this bank holiday weekend.
"Reuters - Don't squash that bug! Cockroaches,\beetles, spiders and worms may be the U.S. government's next\line of defense in the war on terror."
Today we would like to introduce to you two new guests: Intel Pentium 4 Extreme Edition 3.46GHz processor and i925XE Express chipset supporting 266MHz FSB frequency (1066MHz QDR).
"Reigning Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has hinted that he may not contest the cycling race in 2005. The six-time Tour winner has not raced since his victory in Paris earlier in the year, choosing not to compete at the Athens Olympics."
Firm will pay some transition costs for companies that want to move from the NetWare OS onto servers running Windows.
AP - Stanford allowed its third-lowest points total ever and Candace Wiggins scored 15 points in the Cardinal's 82-26 victory over Pacific on Sunday.
NEW YORK Stocks bounced between gains and losses Wednesday as investors overlooked rising oil prices to focus on strong results from Lehman Brothers and Sprint #39;s much-rumored acquisition of Nextel Communications.
"AP - Calling himself a ""liberal with sanity,"" former mayor Ed Koch  #151; a lifelong Democrat  #151; said he decided to support President Bush in the 2004 election because of Bush's stance on Iraq."
"Higher gasoline prices, hotel rates and air fares aren #39;t expected to deter travelers this Thanksgiving. Instead, a record number of people will be on the road and in the air this year, according to AAA Mid-Atlantic."
AMERICAN marines today blocked all roads around Fallujah as they prepared to launch a massive assault on the rebel-held Iraqi city.
"Hewlett-Packard has announced the next iteration in its Compaq X gaming PC line, which uses the new 3.8-GHz Pentium 4 570. The launch of Intel #39;s new chip was expected, the last entrant in Intel #39;s single-core processor line."
"BLOOMINGTON, Ind. - Playing in its first-ever Big Ten/ACC Challenge game at Assembly Hall, the Indiana Hoosiers put up a fight, but fell on the short end, 70-63, to No."
The United Nations has called Darfur the home of the worst humanitarian disaster in the world and the publicized statistics regarding events within the past 18 months in this western region of the Sudan are horrific.
"For Europe, it was a glorious start to the 35th Ryder Cup. For the United States, it was a nightmare."
"With Justin Zwick hindered by a slightly separated shoulder, Troy Smith will start at quarterback for Ohio State on Saturday against Indiana."
" TORONTO (Reuters) - Shares of Manulife Financial Corp.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MFC.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MFC.TO&lt;/A&gt; fell on Friday, a day after Canada's biggest insurer  posted third-quarter results that fell short of expectations."
"In the late 1980s, developers were breaking ground for new shopping centers in the United States at the rate of four a day. In 2004, only three regional malls are expected to open the whole year."
"Cytec Industries Inc., a US maker of materials for the aerospace and car industries, agreed to buy the chemicals operations of UCB SA, Belgium #39;s largest drugmaker, for 1.5 billion euros (\$1."
"When Byrd (37-2-1) walks across the ring at Madison Square Garden tonight to defend his International Boxing Federation heavyweight title against McCline (31-3-3), the fighters will see more than just a dangerous opponent."
"Bank of America honcho Kenneth Lewis arrives in Boston today to try to put out fires blazing on multiple fronts due to recent controversial employment moves by his Charlotte, NC-based bank."
"com senior editor. The family trees of NFL coaching staffs are often fascinating and worthy of deep study that usually reveals a lot about the head coach #39;s fundamental philosophies of offense, defense, drafting, etc."
NEW YORK -- The price of oil settled above \$50 US a barrel for the first time yesterday amid concerns over tight supplies globally and hurricane-related production problems in the Gulf of Mexico.
"Their are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record, The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence."
"In its ardent desire to be part of Europe, modern Turkey jettisoned its Islamic character in favour of secularism about eight decades back; was in denial of its rich Islamic past and broke ranks with the Muslim world in its quest for a European identity."
"Hewlett-Packard's troubled Enterprise Storage and Servers group bounced back to profitability during its most recent financial quarter, and the company as a whole saw revenue rise 8 percent to \$21.4 billion, the Palo Alto, California, company reported Tuesday."
TONY EASTLEY: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has uncomfortably seen for himself China #39;s continuing sensitivity to any questioning of the government #39;s human rights record.
"The Davis Cup is tennis #39;s best way of compensating, and that #39;s no reference to prize money, which is not the reason most of the world #39;s top men #39;s players still look forward to this century-old team competition."
"Ripping the shroud further off one of baseball's dirty secrets, Yankees slugger Jason Giambi testified before a federal grand jury that he used performance-enhancing human growth hormone in 2003 and illegal steroids for at least three seasons, the San Francisco Chronicle reported yesterday, citing a transcript of the court proceedings."
"Fannie Mae #39;s federal regulator found the largest US mortgage finance company violated accounting rules, raising doubts #39; #39; about the validity of earnings."
"AFP - South Korea admitted that its scientists extracted a small amount of plutonium, a key ingredient for making nuclear bombs, in secret research in the early 1980s."
"Chancellor Gordon Brown has defended his stewardship of the economy, telling MPs there is no 10 billion black hole in the public finances."
The search engine that revolutionised how people use the Internet has teamed up with some of the world #39;s greatest libraries to put their books in your living room.
1000 up and still counting. Sir Alex Fergusons achievement is quite remarkable given the fickle nature of football fans and more importantly football boards in the modern game.
SYDNEY : BHP Billiton said it had struck a 3.2 billion US dollar deal to supply four Chinese steel companies with iron ore over the next decade.
"Paintings and other valuable works of art are stolen almost every day from galleries around the world, the most recent of course being Edvard Munch #39;s famous  quot;The Scream quot;."
"In the latest sign of a thaw in Israeli-Egyptian relations, Israel and Egypt on Tuesday signed a US-backed economic pact hailed as the most important agreement between the two countries in two decades."
"NEW YORK - Andy Roddick scuffed his hand, scuffled with the chair umpire and barely shook hands with Rafael Nadal when the match was over. A tough night for the defending U.S..."
"Indonesia #39;s newly elected President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono announced his Cabinet late Wednesday, installing professionals and several women in key posts but also appointing retired generals and holdovers from past governments "
WASHINGTON - The FBI is investigating whether a Pentagon analyst fed to Israel secret materials about White House deliberations on Iran. The investigation could strain U.S.-Israeli relations and muddy the Bush administration's Middle East policy...
"November 21, 2004 -- Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to replace Yasser Arafat, as the late leader #39;s family considers releasing his medical records and revealing his cause of death."
"Manager Paul Sturrock has left Southampton by mutual consent, becoming the first managerial victim of the season after only two Premiership games."
"Bee Capitol Bureau. TOKYO - In the middle of Roppongi Hills, next door to the Hollywood Beauty Plaza and the cozy Tofu Caf restaurant, a three-story billboard of Arnold Schwarzenegger beams "
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Marquis Grissom hit a grand slam  homer and the San Francisco Giants rallied from a six run  deficit to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-7 in National  League play on Saturday.
Miller Brewing Co. is telling United Auto Workers members to think union when they have a beer. The UAW endorses the pitch for the union-made beer.
The Census Bureau has confirmed what any driver on the Parkway East already knows: There are a lot of sport utility vehicles out there.
"Washington - Casting aside fears about weak job creation and tepid holiday sales, the US appeared set to raise interest rates tomorrow for the fifth consecutive time."
"RAMADI, Iraq, Nov 1 (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - Violence flared in the flashpoint city of Ramadi as nearby Fallujah braced for an all-out assault with fresh US and Iraqi troops massing in the rebel heartlands."
"washingtonpost.com - Verizon Wireless announced yesterday that it plans to buy airwave licenses in 23 markets from NextWave Telecom Inc. for  #36;3 billion in cash, giving the cellular phone giant the ability to carry more calls in some of the nation's largest cities."
A local researcher #39;s invitation to participate in a federal drug-safety board meeting was rescinded after he spoke out about his concerns regarding the safety of some arthritis drugs.
"AP - You know it's bound to happen: One of the CDs you've burned is going to stop working  #151; be it from scratches, aging, poor manufacturing or the fact that it was made with old software."
"In his keynote speech at PeopleSoft's Connect 2004 user conference, CEO Craig Conway acknowledged that the company made what he called well-intentioned errors in its efforts to assimilate the J.D. Edwards user base."
KOLKATA: The two-Test ban slapped on Sourav Ganguly by ICC Match Referee Clive Lloyd for his slow over-rate has evoked wide-ranging response from former players in the country.
" LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Back to school for many kids means  ""back to Internet access"" in classes where the best of  filtering software is not foolproof, particularly against  seemingly harmless Web sites used for invasive marketing."
"Say what you want about the recording industry #39;s take-no-prisoners approach to combating online piracy. At least when the music czars go after someone, they target persons suspected of trading "
"Coca-Cola (KO) reported a 24 drop in third-quarter profit on flat revenue, but beat analysts #39; reduced expectations that were issued after the beverage giant #39;s previous warnings."
"ATLANTA (Ticker) -- Now that they have ended their three-game losing streak, the Atlanta Braves can focus on winning another division title."
"Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s blockbuster insurance industry probe, which has rocked Wall Street with charges of conflicts of interest, is likely to focus next on health insurance."
Russia has ruled out UN Security Council sanctions against Sudan for its failure to control Arab militias in the Darfur region. The senior UN envoy to Sudan will brief the Council Thursday on his just-completed 
"SAN FRANCISCO - After being written off by industry observers last year, America Online Inc. #39;s browser unit showed signs of life Tuesday as it released an update to its Netscape Web browser. "
A gut reaction to news that hackers broke into The SCO Group #39;s Web site and mocked its claims to own parts of the Linux operating system might be a feeling that SCO brought it on itself by trying to constrain the open source movement through its legal 
"Toy retailer KB Toys Inc. announced Tuesday that it will close 141 to 238 underperforming stores by Jan. 31, 2005. The company #39;s store at Crabtree Valley Mall on Glenwood Avenue is one of the locations KB Toys says it is considering closing."
"NEW YORK Saying she wanted to  quot;put this nightmare behind me, quot; Martha Stewart said Wednesday that she would enter a US prison to begin serving her five-month sentence without waiting to see whether an appeals court will overturn the guilty verdict a jury "
PARIS: Lance Armstrong has left the question marks hovering over his participation on next years Tour de France where the American could stretch his record to seven consecutive victories.
"Microsoft Corp. has contributed its FlexWiki collaboration tool to SourceForge.Net, the third release from the software giant to the open-source development site, both organizations said Tuesday."
"HBOS has been granted access to sensitive financial information about Abbey National, indicating the seriousness of the UK bank #39;s intentions towards its rival."
A project to record thousands of interviews with people across the United States is expanding. StoryCorps originates from a soundproof booth in Grand Central Station and now wants to go mobile. Rachel Metz reports from New York.
"Symantec has signed an agreement to acquire stake, a security consulting and software company, Symantec said Thursday. stake will improve Symantec #39;s consulting contacts--six of the top 10 financial institutions are customers, Symantec said."
"Australia won the Olympic men #39;s hockey tournament for the first time in history on Friday, beating the Netherlands 2-1 with a golden goal."
"Syria and the Palestine Liberation Organisation opened a new chapter in their often turbulent ties today, saying they wanted to coordinate their efforts to make peace with Israel."
A panel said that NASA should send astronauts to repair the Hubble Space Telescope rather than rely on a robotic device.
"Parking attendant Juan Rodriguez had just 78 cents in the bank and a whopping \$44,000 in debts when he hit a \$149 million Mega Millions lottery prize, bankruptcy documents revealed yesterday."
"In a press tour on Friday, Microsoft senior vice president for Windows Server Bob Muglia updated the Windows Server release schedule for next year."
"Computer Associates International reported a six percent increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter, but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company, it said Wednesday."
"Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average rose 56.74, or 0.5 percent, to 11,139.97 at 9:01 am in Tokyo. The broader Topix index gained 5.35, or 0.5 percent, to 1132."
"WHILE MICROSOFT and AMD are suggesting it will be well into next year before the final version of WinXP 64 is released, yesterday it started offering a fresh preview edition of its up-and-coming software which now supports both Intel and AMD 64-bit ..."
US President George W. Bush on Sunday hailed an agreement by the Paris Club of creditor nations to cancel 80 percent of Iraq #39;s debt and called on other nations to join in as well.
"Reuters - The Xbox version of ""Doom 3,"" the\long-awaited PC video game recently released to wide acclaim,\is not likely to be released in 2004 dealing a blow to\enthusiastic game players who are anxiously awaiting it."
AP - Earl Boykins scored 19 points and the Denver Nuggets forced the Golden State Warriors into 26 turnovers en route to an easy 105-86 victory Friday night in the opener of an NBA preseason doubleheader at Staples Center.
"Schering-Plough Corp. swung to a profit in the third quarter from a loss a year ago, even as sales decline slightly in the period."
" TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan will seek an explanation at weekend  talks with North Korea on activity indicating Pyongyang may be  preparing a missile test, although Tokyo does not think a  launch is imminent, Japan's top government spokesman said."
The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the Shadowcrew has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
"William Donaldson, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said Friday that the securities industry has improved its corporate governance standards in the past year but "
"AP - Davy Arnaud scored two goals to lead Kansas City to a 2-0 victory Friday night over the Los Angeles Galaxy, putting the Wizards in Major League Soccer's championship game."
"Normally, toilet paper in Auburn is reserved for the oak trees on the corner of Magnolia Avenue and College Street following Tiger wins."
"Newcastle United trounced Sochaux 4-0 to stay on course for the next phase of the UEFA Cup. After weathering an early storm, Newcastle ran riot as Lee Bowyer, Shola Ameobi, Craig Bellamy and Laurent Robert all struck for the Magpies."
"The iTunes Music Store in the US will now accept PayPal for purchases of music downloads, audiobooks and gift certificates. Starting today, iTunes Music Store purchases can be funded through PayPal #146;s virtual wallet, allowing customers to pay in the way they prefer  #151; using a credit card, bank account or stored account balance. Dec 10"
"The Giants batted around to score six runs in the fourth and held on for a 7-5 win over the Padres on Tuesday in front of 35,529 to open the three-game series."
An internal Halliburton Co. investigation has uncovered handwritten notes suggesting that former employees considered offering bribes to Nigerian officials a decade ago to secure work 
"The city's profile is about to undergo an extreme makeover, and \$30 million flying town houses are just the beginning."
Hollywood stepped up its battle against internet pirates yesterday when the Motion Picture Association of America launched a legal battle against the filesharing networks BitTorrent and eDonkey.
- The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) is gearing up for the most critical stage yet of its operation to deliver food assistance to hundreds of thousands of people affected by conflict in the Darfur region of western Sudan. As the rainy season ...
"BRITAIN has made a televised appeal on an Arab satellite channel for Iraqis to help rescue British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who is being held under threat of death with two US kidnap victims."
"(Sports Network) - The Colorado Rockies will try to play the role of spoiler this weekend when they take on the playoff-hopeful Houston Astros in a season- ending three-game series, starting tonight from Minute Maid Park."
"Demand for mobile phones remains  quot;robust quot; according to the latest update from retailer Carphone Warehouse. In the 13 weeks to 25 September, the firm saw connections grow by 25 on the same period a year ago to 1.55 million."
"European allies alienated during President Bush #39;s first four years in power offered yesterday to let bygones be bygones, saying they want to work with the new administration and seeking "
Stocks fell sharply on Wednesday after oil prices jumped more than a dollar and a US government review questioned home finance company Fannie Mae #39;s (FNM.
"A new set of offerings formed with the expansion of the IBM Virtualization Center has a distinct Linux flavor, including an online  quot;how to quot; guide for porting from Windows, Unix or Linux to Linux on Power5."
"London, England (Sports Network) - Blackburn named Welsh national team coach Mark Hughes its new boss Wednesday, effective immediately."
"LONDON Two campaigners for fathers #39; rights who penetrated Buckingham Palace dressed in Batman and Robin costumes were released on bail Tuesday, the police said."
"NOVEMBER 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four small Linux vendors have joined together to create a new Linux Standard Base 2.0-compliant binary set that they hope will attract independent software vendors and hardware makers to port their wares to the new code "
" MIYAZAKI, Japan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods collected his first  strokeplay title of a difficult year when he stormed to an  eight-shot victory at the Dunlop Phoenix tournament on Sunday."
AP - The University of California system is amassing Nobel Prizes at campuses once noted more for beer bashes and odd mascots than academic excellence.
China #39;s central bank jolted global financial markets by raising its benchmark interest rates for the first time in nine years to cool the world #39;s fastest-growing major economy.
The Office of Fair Trading has set the clock ticking on the process that could see the Barclay brothers #39; deal to buy the Daily Telegraph reviewed by competition watchdogs. 
"THE Israeli parliament approved last night the controversial plan of Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister, to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and four isolated settlements in the West Bank."
"NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The number of Americans filing for unemployment assistance rose by 18,000 last week, the government reported Thursday, as the figures that have fluctuated with the series of hurricanes on the East Coast came in above estimates."
"KHARTOUM -- Sudan does not object to the deployment of more foreign cease-fire monitors and troops to the troubled Darfur region, Foreign Minister Mustafa Osman Ismail said yesterday."
"The technical standards body for the internet, the IETF, has bounced back Microsoft #39;s controversial proposal for stopping spam, Sender ID."
South Africa captain Graeme Smith is a doubtful starter for the second Test match against India starting from Sunday in Kolkata.  quot;He hurt his foot in the morning.
"Two underwriters at Zurich Financial Services AG, the third-biggest US commercial insurer, pleaded guilty to charges they helped rig bids to help an insurance broker give business to favored clients."
"Pakistan has announced bounties and published photographs of six wanted terrorist suspects, including a senior al-Qaida operative accused of masterminding two attempts to assassinate President Pervez Musharraf. "
" quot;Mobile operators are rolling these things out because they have nothing better to do, quot; said Ken Dulaney, Gartner #39;s vice president of mobile computing."
"BEIJING -- When the opening lyrics of ''Dark Side of the Moon quot; floated through the air at a Beijing bar on a recent evening, patrons sang along to the Pink Floyd classic. ''Breathe, breathe in the air, quot; they chanted in chorus. They seemed oblivious to the irony, in a city that is fast becoming one of the world's most polluted."
"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose against almost every one of its main counterparts except the yen on Friday, as technically focused investors shifted positions and considered the implications of spiking oil prices. "
"JENIN, West Bank - Israeli troops shot dead a mentally-ill Palestinian in the West Bank town of Jenin early on Tuesday, Palestinian security sources said."
Reuters - Germany said on Saturday that Italy's\opposition to its campaign for a permanent seat on the U.N.\Security Council could mean Europe loses out.
" JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (Reuters) - South African  authorities have arrested one person in an investigation into  contraventions of laws on weapons of mass destruction and  nuclear energy, the government said Thursday."
"WASHINGTON, (AFP) - Brandon Backe allowed two runs in five-plus innings, as Houston seized Major League Baseball #39;s final playoff spot with a 5-3 triumph over the Colorado Rockies."
The Sudanese Government has expelled the head of Save the Children from the country and threatened the director of Oxfam with a similar fate today.
"When Sean OKeefe was named NASA Administrator about three years ago, he had already had experience with fixing troubled organizations."
Gordon Bulloch was named captain of Scotland #39;s rugby union side Monday for next month #39;s four-match test series. The 28-year-old last served as captain in a World Cup match against the United States last year.
"Video gaming #39;s most felonious franchise is back, and it #39;s threatening to hijack the holidays. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, the latest in a line that has sold 32 million games and "
"Images began streaming into the Cassini space mission #39;s imaging team Tuesday night, bringing detailed pictures of Titan #39;s surface."
"The Belgian Prime Minister, Guy Verhofstadt, was recovering yesterday after a road accident in which his car hit a concrete pillar and rolled over three times."
"&lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - Robust U.S. economic growth will\likely continue into 2005, but authorities should cut the\budget deficit to reduce the risk to growth, International\Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo Rato said.&lt;/p&gt;"
"He is a fantasy baseball general manager #39;s dream and an opposing pitcher #39;s worst nightmare. Arguably the finest player of his generation, Barry Bonds is a sure-fire Hall of Famer "
PC World - Calls to 13 other countries will be blocked to thwart auto-dialer software.
PHILADELPHIA  The Carolina Panthers #39; hopes of relying on their defense to help their injury-plagued offense took a big hit Wednesday when coach Jon Fox announced that defensive tackle Kris 
"LONDON, England -- Britain #39;s Prince Harry has apologized to his father, Prince Charles, over his scuffle with a paparazzi photographer outside a nightclub, a London newspaper reported."
"British Gas owner Centrica says that soaring energy prices will hit margins in some of its key businesses, sending its shares sharply lower."
"College basketball teams around the nation, and several local schools will get the madness started Friday."
" RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian Authority  on Friday rejected Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's new  and seemingly softer terms for restarting peace talks, saying  he should drop all conditions for dialogue."
"RALEIGH, NC - A month ago, University of Miami quarterback Brock Berlin looked like he could lose his starting job. Now, Berlin has vaulted his way into Heisman Trophy consideration."
Georgia Techs Reggie Ball walks toward the sideline during Saturdays loss to Miami. ATLANTA - There is no starting quarterback controversy at Georgia Tech.
"Olympians can do media interviews but they'd better not blog. The International Olympic Committee, interested in protecting lucrative broadcasting contracts, forbids any activity that might upset the networks."
Ziff Davis - SAP and HP are offering a hosted enterprise resource planning application service to go after midsize companies that are taking their business to competing applications subcription services.
"Europe #39;s new constitution got a thumbs-up from French Socialists, according to voting results announced Thursday. Some 59 percent of Socialist supporters favored the new charter "
"LAKE LOUISE -- Less than a dozen hours before making history, Bode Miller proved he #39;s every bit as good an apres skier as he is on the snow."
"Academic institutions who have to add, manage, and secure thousands of new users within a period of just a few days face political and social issues on top of the immense technical ones."
"Anastasia Myskina, entering the WTA Moscow semifinals with an 0-4 career record versus Lindsay Davenport, got over the hump Saturday with a 6-4, 7-6(1) victory against the new No."
"The streaking O's lose for only the third time in 14 games as A's starting pitcher Mark Redman pitches eight strong innings to tame the Orioles, 3-1, on Monday night."
BEA Systems Inc. chose the opening day of competitor Oracle #39;s annual user conference in San Francisco to talk about its next version of the BEA WebLogic Application Server platform.
Reuters - A journalist who commanded a boat\alongside John Kerry in Vietnam broke a 35-year silence on\Saturday and defended the Democratic presidential candidate\against Republican critics of his military service and\integrity.
"President Bush said he acted to protect the U.S., while John Kerry said Mr. Bush had made a ""colossal error"" of judgment in Iraq."
Russia's president denounces calls for him to talk to Chechen separatists after the siege that killed hundreds.
Samsung Electronics has begun shipping samples of 512Mbit GDDR3 chips targeting the high-end graphics-card and the game-console markets.
"President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush agreed to the early resumption of the six-party talks to end North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program, Cheong Wa Dae said yesterday."
Felix Magath wanted a victory against Juventus to ensure smooth sailing in the Champions League so that Bayern Munich could concentrate on catching up in the Bundesliga.
"Online, the final frontier; the venerable Star Trek franchise prepares to make the leap into the MMO universe. Perpetual Entertainment has announced its plans to bring the 24th century series to the digital world."
Knight Trading Group Inc. (NITE) shares fell more than 6 percent before the bell on Wednesday after the Nasdaq stock trader warned of a quarterly loss because of weak stock trading volume.
" CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox have come  to terms on a two-year, \$5.5 million contract with pitcher  Dustin Hermanson."
"Unions are to hold an emergency meeting with workers at the doomed Browns Lane Jaguar plant in Coventry. Parent company Ford plans to stop car production at the plant, with 400 voluntary redundancies and 425 jobs moved to the Castle Bromwich factory."
"AFP - Nigeria opposes an increase in OPEC's production quota but wants the 11-member cartel to lift an official price band to be more in line with market reality, the country's top oil official said."
"Except to say, they are the team now enjoying Chris Gardocki #39;s work as a punter, no? Until this special-teams game of seesaw between division pretenders teetered Baltimore #39;s way on a downed punt at the Browns "
"AP - When President Bush and John Kerry talk about Mideast policy, they say little except to commit themselves to Israel's security. The rivals seem likely to say little more until one of them occupies the White House next year."
"On Wednesday, November 3, Tom Lehman was selected to captain the 2006 US Ryder Cup Team. Lehman, a member of three Ryder Cup Teams and winner of the 1996 British Open, was chosen by the PGA of America to guide "
The SCO Group has asked the Utah district court overseeing its \$5 billion suit against IBM to postpone any decision on any IBM dispositive motions - like the one the court is supposed to hear on Wednesday seeking a partial summary judgment in IBM #39;s favor 
Manchester United had the better chances but Arsenal defended superbly as a pulsating opening half of their Premier League match ended goalless at Old Trafford on Sunday.
The US space agency (Nasa) has pushed back the return to flight of the space shuttles until May at the earliest. The Discovery orbiter was due to launch in March or April on a mission to the International 
"Jose Carlos dos Reis Encina, once Brazil's most notorious drug lords, was gunned down on a major avenue Thursday, police said."
"AP - A weeping British hostage was shown pleading for help between the bars of a makeshift cage in a video that surfaced Wednesday, a sobering reminder of the grim reality for at least 18 foreign captives still held by Iraqi militants."
"THE Labor Department #39;s trumpeting of its new regulations governing overtime, which go into effect this week, sounds a little tinny."
"AP - The preliminaries in the 100 meters were perhaps just a sample of what's to come Sunday, when a talented group of qualifiers  #151; including Americans Shawn Crawford, Justin Gatlin and defending champion Maurice Greene  #151; will try to turn their competition into the fastest show at the Athens Games."
Spanish national team coach Luis Aragones faces a formal investigation after Spain #39;s Football Federation decided to open disciplinary proceedings over racist comments about Thierry Henry of France and Arsenal.
"(Santiago, Chile-AP) Nov. 20, 2004 - President Bush says North Korea #39;s neighbors are united in sending a blunt message to the man who rules it,  quot;Get rid of your nuclear weapons programs."
"AFP - Sudan will ignore a UN Security Council deadline to end militia attacks in Darfur by the end of the month and instead resolve the crisis through African Union peace talks, Khartoum's chief negotiator said."
"NEW YORK - If there #39;s one thing that makes Sony #39;s Network Walkman seem superior to Apple Computer #39;s iPod, at least at first glance, it #39;s the issue of size versus storage capacity."
"Reuters - The two top U.S. toymakers posted\disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, citing\uncertainty in the economy and cautious retailers, and tempered\expectations for the crucial holiday season."
Google Inc. shares came within a nickel of reaching \$200 on Thursday before investors buckled to weakness seen throughout the technology sector as trading came to a close.
England made their first-ever appearance in the IRB Emirates International Dubai Sevens a winning one by posting a 26-21 win over a Fijian side twice reduced to six men on the field.
"AP - Mexican officials said Monday they have captured a man allegedly involved in shipping nearly half of the illegal drugs moved across the U.S.-Mexico border, the latest in a series of high-profile arrests."
Redskins coach Joe Gibbs expects few major personnel changes in the offseason and wants to instill a culture of stability in Washington.
"Some candidates moderated their stance in light of a consensus proclaiming the election, while not problem-free, a success."
Police in Britain are questioning nine men in connection with an alleged plot to defraud hundreds of thousands of pounds from the UK national lottery and children #39;s charities.
"The fight for the support of conservationists, hunters and anglers is being waged from the pages of Field and Stream magazine to the strategy sessions of the Sierra Club."
"AFP - South Korea's Samsung SDI Co., the world's leading display maker, said that it has developed the first all-angle three-dimensional (3D) display panels for mobile phones."
"WASHINGTON - President Bush, re-elected on Tuesday, is likely to stick closely to the status quo in his economic team, leaving it up to top officials such as Treasury Secretary John Snow whether to stay or to go."
"Just why the United States team is considered the favorite in the Ryder Cup is a bit of a mystery, given the simple fact that the European team is 5-3-1 in the last nine matches."
KOLKATA: Battlelines are drawn for the BCCI presidential election at cricket #39;s top bodys crucial annual general meeting here on Wednesday.
AFP - The 2004 presidential campaign has marked the coming of age for Internet 'blog' journals as a cutting edge political tool for raising cash and revving up political support.
"Mexican group Cemex makes a 2.3bn (\$4.1bn) offer for UK-based RMC, the world's biggest supplier of ready-mixed concrete."
JERUSALEM The Israeli Supreme Court ordered the government to produce a statement in the next 30 days that assesses the ramifications of a nonbinding ruling by the International Court of Justice in the Hague that declared the Israeli security barrier ...
"NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US stockpiles of crude oil fell by 1.3 million barrels last week, the government reported Wednesday, sending prices to another record high. "
Pau Gasol has been in the NBA for three seasons. That #39;s been long enough for the 7-foot Spaniard to realize he wants to keep working with Jerry West and Hubie Brown.
Justices expressed little inclination to view drug policy as an issue by which states can displace regulation of homegrown marijuana.
"Reuters - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono\was sworn in as Indonesia's sixth president on Wednesday after\sweeping to power by vowing faster job growth, a war on\corruption and tough punishment for terrorists. A\solemn-looking Yudhoyono took the oath of office inside a\cavernous hall at parliament in front of the very legislators\many expect will challenge the big popular mandate he won in\Indonesia's first direct presidential election last month."
"BHP Billiton on Wednesday reported its highest profit ever as it beefed up production to meet rising demand from China that bolstered prices for its copper, zinc, silver and lead. "
"SAN JOSE, Calif. In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel has canceled a project to develop a chip for projection T-Vs."
" MILAN (Reuters) - Parmalat sued its former auditors  Deloitte   Touche and Grant Thornton on Wednesday, broadening a  legal battle to claw back billions of euros from ex-allies the  food group says helped drive it into insolvency."
INTEL AND MICROSOFT are to hold a joint advertising and marketing campaign aimed at plumping a PC at the centre of a converged digital home.
"Cingular Wireless LLC began offering a multimedia messaging service on Tuesday that is compatible with that of its future unit, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc."
"Japan #39;s Princess Sayako, the only daughter of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, plans to marry a 39-year-old Tokyo metropolitan government official early next year, media reports said Sunday."
" VIENNA (Reuters) - It is unclear if Iran's nuclear  ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm  evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as  Washington asserts, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said Tuesday."
"Facing growing competition from open source software providers, Microsoft Corp. has decided to allow governments and international organizations access to source code for its Office 2003 productivity suite."
"NewsFactor - The Nokia (NYSE: NOK) 6820 is an ergonomically pleasing handheld device that integrates short text, multimedia and \instant messaging capabilities with all of the features and functions that one normally would expect to find in a dedicated GSM/GPRS cellular phone."
Authorities said they would kill the shark that tore apart a young surfer near an Australian beach as his friends tried to save him by beating the fish with oars.
Brazilian forwards Edu Schmidt and Ricardo Oliveira scored as Real Betis ended Barcelona #39;s unbeaten streak with a 2-1 win Sunday.
Another group of militants claimed Thursday to have killed the two Italian women hostages in Iraq and promised to provide film proof of their beheading.
" GARDEZ, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid  Karzai aborted an election campaign trip to the southeast  province of Gardez on Thursday after a rocket exploded just  before he was due to land by helicopter."
"MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. - Tropical Storm Gaston sloshed ashore in South Carolina Sunday, spinning sheets of rain and near hurricane-force wind as it uprooted trees, flooded roads and knocked out power to at least 75,000 homes..."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States wants Israel to  further explain an Israeli official's statement that Israel  aims to freeze the peace process and effectively deny the  Palestinians a state, a U.S. official said on Thursday."
"Reuters - The Kyoto agreement to\reduce greenhouse gas emissions doesn't take effect for two\months, but climate change negotiators are already fixated on\what happens when it expires in 2012."
"Reuters - U.S. new home sales rose 0.2 percent\in October to the third-highest level on record following an\upwardly revised gain in September, a government report showed\on Wednesday."
The sourcecode to Ciscos industry leading PIX firewall system was recently stolen and put up for sale by malicious hackers under the guise of The Source Code Club.
"BAGHDAD - Iraqi troops captured the most wanted fugitive from Saddam Hussein #39;s fallen regime on Sunday, the country #39;s Defence Ministry said."
"MELBOURNE, Australia -- The centenary Australian Open will feature the first night men #39;s final in a Grand Slam event, organizers confirmed at the launch of the 2005 tournament."
"Northern Uganda, where around 20,000 children have been kidnapped and many forced to serve as combatants, is the world #39;s biggest neglected humanitarian crisis, the head of UN humanitarian affairs said yesterday."
"US stocks rose, capping the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index #39;s best three-week rally in two years, as better-than-expected reports on retail sales and consumer confidence suggested the economy may accelerate."
"A partnership between The Boeing Company and Northrop Grumman Corporation has been created to compete for NASA #39;s Crew Exploration Vehicle for Project Constellation, a planned "
Bethel Johnson remains in the dark on why Patriots coach Bill Belichick decided the second-year wide receiver out of Texas A amp;M should have been kept off the 45-man active roster for last Sunday's win over the Dolphins.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova had to fight off a strong challenge from Daniela Hantuchova before reaching the quarter-finals of the \$1.
"NEW YORK, December 15 (newratings.com) - The US Federal Reserve announced yesterday a widely expected quarter point hike in its overnight lending rate, the fifth hike since June this year."
How significant is the US Patent and Trademark Office #39;s initial rejection of Microsoft #39;s FAT (file allocation table) file system patent claims?
New drugs that are to be tested in connection with a phenomenon called RNA interference have excited scientists with their versatile and powerful ability to affect genes.
An enhanced satellite location system aims to help Olympic security guards react more quickly to emergencies.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of rival retailers fell in Wednesday trading following the news of Kmart buying Sears for \$11 billion.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on Thursday announced it has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sears, Roebuck   Co. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=S.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;S.N&lt;/A&gt;, was sued  this week by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission,  which said the largest U.S. department store chain illegally  fired a store manager because he was black."
AP - The Houston Rockets were finishing up one of their worst performances of the season when a chant rang out from behind the bench.
"Iraq #39;s deputy prime minister yesterday expressed his growing impatience with neighbouring countries for not doing enough to keep foreign fighters from joining the insurgency here, and warned that his government would take a  quot;decisive "
"The government yesterday recognised the ceasefire of Northern Ireland #39;s largest loyalist paramilitary group, the Ulster Defence Association, in an attempt to boost the Northern Ireland peace process."
"AP - Americans who served in the military will be well represented at the upcoming Republican convention, more so than at last month's Democratic convention or in the U.S. population overall, according to the GOP."
"Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest maker of microchips, on Thursday raised its quarterly revenue outlook, citing strong worldwide "
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices turned abruptly  lower on Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan,  in a highly unusual move, said those unprepared for higher  interest rates stood to lose money."
Manmohan Singh kicks off his eight-day foreign trip with a meeting with Tony Blair in London.
The presidential election process in Lebanon has finally been put on track after much speculation regarding an amendment to the Constitution in order to give President Emile Lahoud another term.
roundup Plus: Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat...Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses...Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million.
"This may be a calumny on Leesburg, Virginia, but somehow it doesn #39;t sound like the sort of place we would associate with a liberal judiciary."
Beauty and integrity were restored to the Champions League at venues as far apart as Barcelona and Moscow on Tuesday night. Nothing quite matches the beauty of a Brazilian #39;s conjuring a winning goal out of sheer imagination.
"The Los Angeles Dodgers are closing in on their first playoff berth in eight years, and they #39;re not about to leave their chances to fate."
"London - Britain knew about an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea at least five weeks before a team of mercenaries was nabbed in Zimbabwe as they prepared to carry it out, the Observer newspaper reported on Sunday."
"AP - Two Japanese companies said Tuesday they have developed a DVD that can play on both existing machines and the upcoming high-definition players, raising hopes for a smooth transition as more people dump old TV sets for better screens."
"The Canadian Federal Court of Appeal has ruled that special levies applied to the sale of MP3 players, such as the iPod, are illegal."
"Wall Street opinion is split on whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at its meeting Tuesday, with conventional wisdom siding with a rate hike."
"Can you believe these baseball games of late? They are tension-filled, comeback-laden, back-and-forth, down-to-the-last-out sporting gems. And they are unwatchable."
"The two French journalists held by Islamist militants in Iraq are safe and could be freed at any time, the most influential Sunni Muslim organisation in Baghdad said yesterday."
Component problems meant Brillian's new big screens missed the NFL's kickoff party.
Los Angeles Times - WASHINGTON  #8212; The pharmaceutical industry on Wednesday named as its top lobbyist a longtime congressman who had been among those overseeing it. The new job is said to come with a  #36;1-million-plus salary.
"AP - The Bush administration said publicly Wednesday it does not endorse a plan by three European allies to offer Iran incentives to suspend its enrichment of uranium, a key step in producing nuclear weapons."
"Dutch police have arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals as part of the investigation into the brutal slaying of outspoken filmmaker Theo van Gogh, prosecutors said Wednesday."
"26 September 2004-- Iran says it is not planning to negotiate with the United States over its nuclear program, choosing instead to invite Europe to the discussion table."
"Reuters - Just how similar are the Japanese and\Indonesians, apart from being Asians?"
Reuters - The Major League Baseball\Players Association announced Tuesday it would work toward a\new agreement with owners for tougher steroid testing.
" AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - IBM has signed a 7-year, \$969 million  contract with British bank Lloyds TSB to supply it with  Internet telephony and data services, The U.S.-based computer  giant said on Monday."
"SIALKOT, Pakistan -- Thousands of minority Shi'ite Muslims rampaged through this eastern Pakistan city for the second straight day yesterday, burning a police station and the mayor's office after a mass funeral for 31 people killed by a suicide bombing at a Shi'ite mosque."
"Portsmouth won a seven-goal thriller at Fratton Park against Fulham, Aiyegbeni Yakubu netting a hat-trick. The home side were 4-3 winners in the end, although Fulham had earlier pulled back two goals after going 3-0 down very early on the match."
"BESLAN, Russia - Russian soldiers fled as shooting broke out in the spasm of violence that ended the school siege here, and unprepared special forces were forced to borrow bullets from armed locals who had rushed to the scene.    As Beslan buried more victims Friday, a week after the bloodbath at School No..."
"Sharon is not Charles de Gaulle. He is as far away as ever from the conviction that Israel must recognize the national rights of the Palestinian people and withdraw from territories occupied in 1967, let alone "
"JENSON BUTTON might have lost the battle, but last night he appeared to have won the war as David Richards, his boss at BAR Honda, was shown the door."
The Transportation Security Administration announced on Tuesday that it will order domestic airlines to turn over personal information about passengers to test a system that will compare their names to those on terrorist watch lists.
"SEATTLE Oct. 2, 2004 - No. 258 for Ichiro Suzuki was like so many others, a little ground ball up the middle. Only this one made history, a hit cheered  #39;round the world."
"There are 1.1 million fossils in the collection of Harvard's Museum of Natural History: invertebrate, vertebrate, and one of more recent origin. Insert 50 cents, and it lets you make a phone call."
Darfur's Janjaweed militia aren't the only ones sowing chaos and death. Meet the two rebel factions threatening yet another civil war
"Thanks to digital cameras, picture taking has been revitalized. At this year #39;s Photokina, the world #39;s largest photography trade fair, digital cameras dominate the picture."
AFP - North Korean Foreign Finister said that a huge explosion in the country's remote interior that triggered fears of a nuclear test was a harmless demolition blast linked to a hydro-electric power project.
"The proportion of surfers using Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. Net traffic monitor, OneStat."
"LAHORE, Nov 20: President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday ruled out any unilateral stepping back by Pakistan from its historical stand over Kashmir and asked India to show courage "
"Memphis Grizzlies guard Bonzi Wells, right, looks to pass as Portland Trail Blazers guard Damon Stoudamire reaches in for a steal attempt during first quarter action of their game in Portland, Ore."
Former Germany coach Rudi Voeller took charge of AS Roma on Tuesday following the resignation of Cesare Prandelli. Voeller flew into Rome and immediately assumed control of the Serie A team #39;s training session.
AP - NFL career rushing leader Emmitt Smith was inactive with a toe injury for the Arizona Cardinals' game at the Detroit Lions on Sunday.
Hundreds of mourners paid their final respects Tuesday to a college student killed when police fired pepper-spray pellets into a raucous crowd after the Boston Red Sox won the American League pennant.
A Chilean judge has questioned former dictator Augusto Pinochet about political opponents who were abducted and presumably murdered during his 17-year rule.
"(Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Oct. 15, 2004 - The US military now says three Americans were killed and a fourth is missing and presumed dead from an attack on Baghdad #39;s heavily-fortified Green Zone."
"WASHINGTON -- The State Department welcomed yesterday steps by China and Taiwan to ease tensions by curtailing long-planned military exercises. Taiwan canceled a major live-fire military exercise shortly after Beijing reportedly called off massive war games near Taiwan.  quot;We welcome and encourage all these steps that are being taken by Taiwan and the People's Republic of China to reduce tensions, quot; ..."
President Olusegun Obasanjo has praised Anglican bishops from Africa for what he called their principled stand against homosexuality.
"AP - Taquan Dean scored 22 points, Francisco Garcia added 19 and No. 13 Louisville withstood a late rally to beat Florida 74-70 Saturday. Rick Pitino improved to 20-1 against former assistant coaches and players and extended his record to 6-0 against Billy Donovan."
AP - Former Computer Associates International Inc. chief executive Sanjay Kumar has been charged with securities fraud conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a multibillion dollar accounting scandal at the software company.
" quot;Uh-oh, SpaghettiOs! quot; The iconic kids pasta that has made mealtime easier for countless American families for four decades is getting a face-lift, and its once-popular Franco-American brand is being consigned to history."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - A criminal probe of Boeing Co.'s  dealings with the U.S. Air Force is widening to include a \$100  billion Army program it oversees, the Wall Street Journal  reported on Tuesday."
A painstaking operation to lift the mangled wreckage of the Berkshire train crash from the tracks has been taking place. The exact events surrounding the crash which killed seven people are still being investigated 
"The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) has approved a \$1.47 million increase in its expenditure budget for next year. The rise will lift WADA #39;s budget to \$21.7 million, the Montreal-based "
Graeme Souness was quick to criticise Bolton #39;s tactics after watching his Newcastle United side crash to a 2-1 defeat at the Reebok Stadium on Sunday.
MOSCOW -- Russian oil company Yukos suffered a fresh setback yesterday in its survival struggle against multibillion-dollar tax bills when one of its appeals was thrown out and another adjourned by a Moscow court.
What do you do after you #146;ve loaded a blank CD (or a DVD) into your Mac? Find out on the Apple Pro/ site in the latest Mac OS X killer tip. Sep 21
Consumer electronics giant Sony Corp. said on Thursday it is mulling a major strategic shift to make digital music devices that play MP3 song files.
"Vetiver, a grass native to India that grows 13-foot (4-meter) roots, is increasingly used as a low-cost tool to solve problems from soil erosion to pollution."
"NAJAF, Iraq - Plumes of black smoke rose above the embattled city of Najaf Tuesday after American warplanes bombed insurgent positions overnight and supporters of a radical cleric charged that shrapnel from a U.S. attack had hit parts of the Imam Ali Shrine..."
" LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Friday, stemming five  days of heavy losses as fresh sabotage attacks on Iraqi oil  infrastructure despite a peace deal in Najaf renewed concern  over the country's supplies."
"They play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the Brazilians and Germans. "
"NewsFactor - Intel has introduced a third-generation Itanium 2 into the market, but Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has noted that its Windows Server 2003 Compute Cluster Edition will not run on servers with the chip."
Mozilla Firefox has features and extensions that go far beyond what you get with Internet Explorer.  Here's how to turbocharge the browser to enhance your online experience.
"Fannie Mae, the nation's largest mortgage buyer, agreed to major changes in its accounting and management practices."
"AP - France introduced a Security Council resolution Thursday that would increase the U.N. force in Congo by 5,900 troops, less than half the amount requested by U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan."
"By Carilyn Shropshire, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette / Scripps Howard News Service. Natalia Rudiak of Carrick could not figure out why her trusted laptop was acting sluggish and sometimes unresponsive."
" NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The NBA showed no mercy on  Sunday, suspending Indiana's Ron Artest for the remainder of  the season for his part in a brawl between the Pacers and the  Detroit Pistons on Friday night."
A district court in the Netherlands has blocked the extradition of an alleged Kurdish rebel leader wanted in Turkey for her suspected role in a series of bombings in the 1990s.
"If the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it's also beginning to accumulate Hollywood-like headaches.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; board  member told a Delaware court on Tuesday that the software maker  would consider a bid from its rival Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;  provided the price was right and a deal closed quickly."
"Florida A amp;M had played two other ranked teams this season and was blown out both times. Mohamed Abukar scored a career-high 22 points, and No."
JAKARTA (JP): Political observer Bungaran Antonius Simanjuntak urged president-elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Tuesday not to choose ministerial candidates from the New Order regime to avoidtarnishing his government.
"BRIDGETOWN, Barbados - Tiger Woods says he's planning a Caribbean vacation, but Barbados is abuzz with reports that he's set to wed Swedish model Elin Nordegren this week.    Newspapers in Barbados and Ireland have reported that the two are to marry early this week at the Sandy Lane luxury resort on the Caribbean island's west coast..."
Michael Owen is confident that he will be a success at Real Madrid following his 8m move from Liverpool. 
" LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks shrugged off new peaks  in crude oil prices and moved slightly higher on Thursday with  technology firms leading the advance, while bonds and the  dollar were steady."
Real Madrid coach Mariano Garcia Remon lamented poor finishing after his side were forced to rely on a trademark poacher #39;s strike from Ronaldo in a fortuitous 1-1 draw at Real Betis.
"Boston Celtics forward Paul Pierce, right, hangs on to Milwaukee Bucks center Zendon Hamilton (31) while fouling on a dunk in the second half in Boston, Wednesday Dec. 1, 2005."
She was a stunningly beautiful dancer who caught the eye of North Korea #39;s  quot;Dear Leader quot; Kim Jong Il and became his favorite companion.
"EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ (Ticker) -- An NHL lockout did not stop general manager Lou Lamoriello from conducting some business. The New Jersey Devils signed left wing Dean McAmmond to an American Hockey League contract with Albany on Tuesday."
London - Southampton midfielder Fabrice Fernandes just managed to escape jail time on Wednesday after jumping a number of red lights while being chased by police.
Consumers get psyched for the release of Nintendo and Sony gaming devices.
"KABUL, Afghanistan - The body of a kidnapped Turkish engineer was found in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday, a day after he was snatched with his driver and interpreter by a band of armed men, officials said."
"There is no  quot;I quot; in team, but there are two in Phil Mickelson. While the rest of his Ryder Cup teammates took part in a practice round Wednesday "
"The rare corncrake is starting to return to England, but several other birds are still in serious trouble."
Scientists have shown that it is possible to vanish into a pile of completely dry sand just as easily as traditional quicksand.
"One night after being outslugged, the Marlins came up on the short end of a splendid pitchers #39; duel. Carl Pavano was as efficient as he #39;s been all season, limiting the Braves "
"A heavy quake rocked Indonesia #39;s Papua province killing at least 11 people and wounding 75. The quake destroyed 150 buildings, including churches, mosques and schools."
ENGLAND captain David Beckham was today starting to compile the defence of his self-confessed deliberate booking against Wales to try to avoid a disciplinary charge.
"Intel Corp.'s 65-nanometer process technology will not be very different from its 90-nanometer process technology, which should help make for a smoother transition between the two manufacturing techniques in 2005, according to a briefing from an Intel manufacturing executive last week."
"AFP - British retail sales fell in October for the first time for three months, official figures showed, raising worries about a subdued start to the crucial Christmas trading period."
"Controversy surrounding a current art exhibition (earlier reports here) being held in Berlin has deepened after an unusual stunt pulled on Wednesday by a German gymnast, said to be protesting over the dark legacy which is attached to the artworks on "
"Eddie George missed the first game of his NFL career Sunday after playing in 140 straight, made inactive by the Dallas Cowboys not because of injury but because he wasn #39;t needed."
"Pistons coach Larry Brown came back to the defending NBA champions on crutches Wednesday, returning to Detroit #39;s bench after being told by doctors it was OK to travel."
"DETROIT Kellogg has appointed James Jenness as chairman and chief executive, following the resignation of Carlos Gutierrez. The cereal maker #39;s board of directors elected the 58-year-old Jenness during a special meeting."
The Rubin Museum in Chelsea is a splendid new space devoted primarily to the Buddhist works of Himalayan Asia.
"Rudi Voeller has confirmed his decision to step down as coach of struggling Serie A giants Roma. Voeller, who took over from Cesare Prandelli in the summer, tendered his resignation immediately after yesterday #39;s 3-1 defeat at nine-man Bologna."
"Violence between Muslims and Christians engulfed Liberia #39;s war-battered capital Friday, with machete-wielding crowds rampaging through the streets and UN peacekeepers firing warning shots and tear gas to restore order amid burned mosques and churches."
" SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares shrugged off record oil  prices on Wednesday to hit five-month highs as key technology  issues cheered resilience in their U.S. peers, but concern  about the impact of high energy costs on firms' profits capped  gains."
"United Nations, Aug 18 - The United Nations has told the ruling military Junta in Myanmar that its process for transition to democracy and national reconciliation will lack  quot;credibility quot; unless it engages the opposition political parties and releases ..."
" LONDON (Reuters) - Gurkhas, who have served with British  army for nearly 200 years, won a landmark battle on Thursday to  be able to settle in the UK and gain British citizenship."
"Electronic Arts Inc., the top US video-game maker, aims to be the biggest supplier for Sony Corp. #39;s handheld console, expanding its share of the \$2 billion global market for handheld games."
WASHINGTON-The fanfare surrounding final government approval of Cingular Wireless LLC #39;s \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
"RealNetworks is sending a real message to Apple, their largest competitor in the online music market. On Tuesday, RealNetworks announced that it was launching the biggest music sale in history, offering single music downloads for just 49 cents, and most ..."
"French Foreign Ministry confirmed Friday the delay of Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar #39;s visit to France, previously scheduled for Sept."
"Lebanon #39;s new government was  quot;made in Damascus quot; in defiance of a UN resolution calling for an end to Syria #39;s interference in Lebanese affairs, a senior US official was quoted on Wednesday as saying."
"The UN Security Council reported to the International Atomic Energy Agency on Monday about the disappearance of nearly 400 tons of explosives from an Iraqi military base. Exactly when the explosives disappeared has become a heated campaign issue. Here is a chronology, based on information from the United Nations and from news reports:"
"NOTRE DAME (4-2) vs. NAVY (5-0) &gt; When, where: Tomorrow, noon, at East Rutherford, N.J. TV, radio: Channels 4, 12; WJDA (1300). AP rankings: Neither team is ranked. Last season: Notre Dame won, 27-24. Comments: Notre Dame and Navy play for the 78th consecutive year, making it the longest continuous intersectional rivalry in the country. The Irish hold a 67-9-1 ..."
"You might not be able to morph your wallpaper just yet, but digital ink is already threatening to make big changes in the way we experience advertising. By Rachel Metz."
 TORONTO (Reuters) - National Hockey League owners will meet  with representatives from the players union on Thursday in what  is seen as a final bid to end a lockout and save the NHL  season.
"EXIT polls from Romanias presidential run-off yesterday showed the race between the Social Democrat prime minister, Adrian Nastase, and the opposition leader, Traian Basescu, was too close to call."
"Former Florida coach Ron Zook will take over at Illinois, sources told The Associated Press Monday. Zook #39;s hiring as head coach will be announced at a news conference Tuesday, said two "
"AFP - Swedish fashion retailer Hennes and Mauritz posted a rise in profits for the third quarter, saying its price-cut strategy had paid off."
Sean O #39;Keefe on Monday officially resigned as the head of NASA to interview as the chancellor at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge.
"Style and design are not the only issues filling the days of Robert A. Lutz. Increasingly, much of his attention has also been focused on the cost side."
"NAHANT, Mass. - Joseph Ayers was crouched over a laptop computer in a cool cinder-block shed barely big enough to house a riding lawn mower, watching a black lobster through a rectangular acrylic window."
The Marlins homered three times in a six-run third inning to lift Florida to a victory over the Montreal Expos at U.S. Cellular Field.
"Fresh from his libel victory over the Daily Telegraph, George Galloway this evening announced his intention to challenge the Labour MP Oona King at the general election."
"AP - Kansas City's Priest Holmes, after tying an NFL record with four touchdowns rushing in a half, left Sunday with an ankle sprain."
" AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - European research institutes are  linking together four supercomputers to create the world's  fourth most powerful megacomputer, without having to spend the  money it would normally cost to build such a monster."
"The Apache Software Foundation (ASF), creator of the open-source Apache Web server, noted that it will not support the proposed antispam standard, called Sender ID, because Microsoft #39;s "
"Buyout firm Forstmann Little  amp; Co. Thursday said it would buy International Management Group, a leading talent agency that represents major sports and entertainment stars."
"KHARTOUM, Oct 12 (AFP) - The Sudanese foreign ministry summoned the European Union #39;s delegation chief on Tuesday to protest at a renewed threat of EU sanctions over the crisis in Darfur."
"Jeffrey Bleustein, Harley-Davidson Co. chief executive officer, is retiring in April after 30 years with the company. Bleustein, 65, announced his retirement this afternoon at a company board meeting."
AP - Daniel Ewing scored 16 of his 19 points in the second half and sparked two big runs to help No. 9 Duke pull out a 74-61 victory over pesky Davidson on Monday night at the Charlotte Coliseum.
"An appeals court should throw out a \$500m (260m) patent infringement judgement against Microsoft because a lower court failed to recognise that the patent was not invented by the company awarded the money, a Microsoft lawyer claimed yesterday."
The United States crashed to its second defeat in the Olympic men #39;s basketball tournament Saturday when a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
Englewood-based Evolving Systems is proving that Denver #39;s telecom industry still has some pizazz left after the dot-com meltdown.
"BESLAN, Russia - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an ""all-out war"" by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.    Putin went on national television to tell Russians they must mobilize against terrorism..."
"After hovering above \$22 for months, cartel looks to adjust range to \$28 to reflect soaring prices. SYDNEY (Reuters) - OPEC may set a new target range for oil prices next week and would like to see crude down "
Silicon Valley lost a decisive round in a long and hard-fought battle Thursday when the organization that sets corporate accounting standards served notice that companies would have to deduct the value of stock options when calculating profits.
"OCTOBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four days after its online payment Web site was slowed and only intermittently available to users due to a coding problem, PayPal."
"The Senate passed a far-reaching, \$136 billion corporate tax package Monday that cuts taxes for businesses ranging from film companies to bow and arrow makers while closing tax loopholes and bringing U.S. exporters in line with international trade rules."
"Two of Southeast Asias newest leaders called for faster economic integration at an annual meeting Sunday, saying the region risked being trampled by China and India if it did not act."
The movie-rental company said Tuesday it will drop late fees for games and movies starting Jan. 1 - a positive move as seen by customers at the Blockbuster on Westheimer in Montrose.
SPAM FIGHTING super hero software behemoth Microsoft has come up with a wizard way of stopping those who send spam from its free Hotmail accounts.
Cabinet Spokesman Chen Chi-mai (  ) said yesterday that the improvement of the nation #39;s global competitiveness ranking in a recent report resulted from the government #39;s economic and financial reforms.
"roundup Plus: Phone defect could affect hearing...OSDL hires lawyer, opens China office...Ex-Palm CEO Yankowski to head Majesco."
"KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia - Malaysia found new cases of bird flu today in an infected area that had been under quarantine for three weeks, setting off a new round of culling poultry and screening people to contain the potentially deadly disease."
"Starting lineups The Angels led the American League in stolen bases (six players, led by Chone Figgins's 34, stole 15 or more) and with opponents having stolen 85 bases in 100 attempts against three Red Sox pitchers (Tim Wakefield, Derek Lowe, and Pedro Martinez), look for the Angels to run early and often. The Angels also were second in the ..."
The leader of a militia group from the southern oil-rich region of Nigeria says talks between government officials and rebels continued in Abuja late into the evening on Thursday.
A breakthrough deal between Iran and the EU aimed at defusing an international crisis over Tehran #39;s alleged nuclear ambitions was thrown into uncertainty last night when diplomats said Iran was rushing to process feed material for the manufacture of bomb 
Conservative leader Michael Howard has accused the Government for going to war with Iraq devoid of a comprehensive plan to restore stability to the country.
"com. The year was 1947. Harry S. Truman was just across the way in the White House. America was in a state of postwar bliss. And a young, dark-haired broadcaster named Bob Wolff was on "
"The state health service, political parties, tax officials and the media top Greeks list of perceived corruption, according to a global survey published yesterday by the Transparency International graft watchdog."
It #39;s a clash between the film industry and a consumer electronics company -- over a home theatre jukebox. The legal battle is over something called the Kaleidescape System.
"As the flu vaccine shortage hits home and long lines queue around the supermarket, a handful of states and the nation's capital are threatening doctors and nurses with fines or even jail if they give flu shots to healthy, low-risk people."
"In the aftermath of last week's tsunami disaster, the Internet is a tool for good and bad ... but mostly good. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Australians voted today in an election which offered the choice between a conservative government that unreservedly backs the United States and its Iraq war and a Labour opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
"The giant long-distance phone company is in an increasingly nasty feud with its competitors over fees paid on long-distance calls made with prepaid calling cards.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Cindy Skrzycki&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
"They didnt make this announcement with quite as much fanfare as when they cut their price per download at their online music store to just 49 cents, but RealNetworks is ending that half-price Freedom of Choice promotion theyve been running for "
"IBM has decided to extend its support for Sybase, a competing database product to its DB2 database package, to present a Linux server-software package."
Vijay Singh #39;s long quest for No. 1 finally comes to fruition after he knocks off Tiger Woods on Labor Day at the TPC of Boston.
NHL star Todd Bertuzzi pleaded not guilty on Thursday to an assault charge for an on-ice attack that left a player with a fractured neck and shocked the sporting community.
AFP - Finance ministers and central bank chiefs from the world's 20 most powerful nations were gathering for a weekend G20 summit in which exchange rates are expected to figure prominently.
Jet Propulsion Lab -- Saturn's ring shadows appear wrapped in a harmonious symphony with the planet in this color view from the Cassini spacecraft.     Saturn and its rings would nearly fill the space between Earth and the Moon...
"You expect fans to lose interest whenever billionaires battle millionaires for a larger slice of the economic pie, but not to the extent being seen in the dogfight between the NHL and its players over a new collective bargaining agreement."
"He promptly caught what appeared to be a 27-yard touchdown pass from Ken Dorsey, but the play was nullified by a penalty. On the next play, he made his first catch as a pro, an "
Sun Microsystems is readying an upgrade to its enterprise-level application server and is touting new downloading figures as evidence of the companys growing presence in the application server market.
"HBOS has dropped plans to bid for Abbey National, dampening hopes of a challenge to Spanish bank Santander #39;s agreed 8.8 billion pound takeover of Abbey."
"British Airways PLC reached a pay accord early Saturday with two unions, averting a planned strike during the Aug. 27-30 holiday weekend by 11,000 baggage handlers and check-in workers."
AFP - New Zealand faced the likelihood of conceding a massive first innings deficit against Australia after a clutter of wickets late on the third day of the second cricket Test at the Adelaide Oval.
South Africa gained revenge for their surprise defeat at Murrayfield two years ago with a convincing 45-10 victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
AP - An accounting change that could cost schools and libraries an estimated  #36;1 billion in aid drew fire Tuesday from senators who said they were blindsided by the move.
"A Pakistani court has granted bail to the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, which should result in his release after eight years in prison."
British police have arrested a 20-year-old man in northern England on suspicion of involvement in the theft and posting in May of a key piece of software from Cisco Systems.
"Microsoft has outlaid plans that involve charging people for accessing their email via its email application Outlook. However Microsoft is not citing the urge to make even more cash, but an attempt to quell "
"Kmart Holding Corp. has finalized the sale of 50 of its stores to Sears, Roebuck and Co. for \$575 million, the retailer said Wednesday."
"Reuters - Japan's financial regulators may suspend\or even end some private banking operations at the Japanese\commercial banking unit of U.S. financial services firm\Citigroup Inc., the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on Thursday."
"They #39;ve allowed just 19 points in their 4-0 start, making up for the loss of star tailback Anthony Davis to an eye injury for the last 3 games."
AP - All he wanted were the facts. But Dick Cheney ended up generating confusion_ and lots of it.
"Dutch retail giant Ahold has reported a third-quarter net loss, as its results were impacted by exceptional costs and asset impairment charges."
"Darren Clarke won Mitsui Sumitomo VISA Taiheiyo Masters on the Gotemba Course at the Taiheiyo Club in Shizuoka, Japan. Clarke, who lead the tournament from the first round, holds on to his No."
"Racial abuse of black players during England #39;s friendly against Spain has seriously jeopardised Madrid #39;s chances of staging the Olympics in 2012, according to members of the International Olympic Committee."
"SPACE.com - GOLDEN, COLORADO -- Any high hopes of sustaining expeditions on the Moon, Mars or beyond will depend on getting ""down and dirty"" on those worlds -- in the form of using on-the-spot resources."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. jobless claims unexpectedly  rose again last week in more worrying news for the labor  market, government data showed on Thursday, while other data  offered some positive signals for America's economy."
"Ziff Davis - The company says ""Masala"" includes search technology that will make it ""dramatically easier to access information of all different kinds"" in a unified search, including e-mail files, text documents, video and audio clips."
Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) is beginning to implement a new vendor-relationship strategy emphasizing deeper alliances with fewer vendors.
"First consumer version of video-editing product. And there #39;s a new version 3.0 of Photoshop Elements. Adobe has launched Premiere Elements, the first  #39;lite #39; version of its Premier video-editing suite, plus "
Three soccer fans were fined and banned from attending games in England or Wales until 2009 after pleading guilty Thursday to racist taunting of Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke.
"Ninth-grade biology teachers in Dover, Pa., must include  #39;intelligent design #39; in their instruction. Observers say it is a sign of what #39;s to come."
"Gunfire erupts near a potential Palestinian leader, though most doubt it was an assassination attempt. JERUSALEM - Gunmen in the Gaza Strip unleashed bursts of automatic-weapons fire Sunday near Yasser Arafat #39;s "
Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive Champions League title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening Group H match on Tuesday.
"John Becker, the CEO of newly formed Cybertrust Inc., talks about the company's plan to deliver a range of risk management services for enterprise users."
"Toshiba said it will launch a recall to exchange a memory module that may cause data corruption in 26 notebook PC models. The components, procured from unidentified third parties, may potentially "
Napster founder Shawn Fanning has returned to the online downloading arena with the approval of some significant members of the music industry.
"HOUSTONAfter falling behind 0-2 in the NL Championship Series, the best-case scenario for the Houston Astros played itself out this weekend."
"Rouse Co., the Baltimore-based real estate investment trust that owns the Mall St. Matthews, is being sold to Chicago-based General Growth Properties Inc. for \$7.2 billion, according to a report in the Baltimore Business Journal. "
"Matt Hasselbeck never performed like this last season. Seattle #39;s defense, slowed by injuries, didn #39;t look so vulnerable through the first three weeks."
" RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians streamed into  the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an  outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the  enduring symbol of their nationalist cause."
Tommaso Rocchi scored a late equaliser to help Lazio for a 1-1 home draw with Villarreal while other two Spanish teams won their first-night actions in the new group stage of the UEFA Cup on Thursday.
"Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Aug. 19 (UPI) -- Malaysia has set aside 60 hectares of land off the east coast state of Terengganu to help conserve its dwindling number of endangered sea turtles. "
"Former Olympic boxer Brian Viloria of Wiapahu, Hawaii, knocked out Angel Priolo of Colombia in the seventh round of a scheduled 12-round flyweight bout Thursday night at the Grand Olympic Auditorium."
"The trials of former president Saddam Hussein and his top lieutenants likely will not begin this year, a U.S. official said Friday, contradicting a recent pronouncement from Iraq's interim prime minister that it could commence as soon as next month."
Talking to youngsters in the language of text could increase their access to services.
Alternative form of high-speed Internet access makes its way to U.S. homes.
"Alitalia's talks with unions look set to continue into the weekend, as management struggle to reach a deal with cabin crew."
"AFP - Pakistani security forces arrested an Egyptian Al-Qaeda operative in the northwestern city of Peshawar bordering Afghanistan, a security official said."
" CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez on Monday declared victory in a historic  recall referendum on his rule, but his opponents vowed to  challenge vote results they rejected as a ""gigantic fraud."""
"Kevin Garnett made two free throws with 5.9 seconds left then Trenton Hassell blocked Jerry Stackhouse #39;s long jumper at the buzzer, giving the Minnesota Timberwolves an 83-82 victory over Dallas on Monday night in the Mavericks #39; first of several games "
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Robust consumer spending during the  third quarter helped the U.S. economy advance faster than first  thought, a government report showed on Tuesday, while  underlying inflation was the tamest in decades."
The world #39;s largest computer software manufacturer filed suit Tuesday in US District Court against a local software retailer it claims is selling and distributing counterfeit software labels.
"ARLINGTON - The Texas Rangers are back within two games of the AL West lead following another big comeback win. Michael Young #39;s tying triple sparked a two-run rally in the seventh inning Saturday night, and "
"AP - Apart from President Bush's reassurances of unwavering support for Palestinian statehood, there is little his administration is set to do in the short term to try to break the Middle East deadlock."
"AFP - The research and development costs of Airbus's new A380 super-jumbo will be 1.45 billion euros (1.9 billion dollars) more than planned, the co-chairman of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company, Rainer Hertrich, revealed."
"Hanscom Air Force Base and the Natick Soldier Systems Center pump more than \$3 billion into the Massachusetts economy, and their closure would damage the state's vital technology and research cluster, according to a study released yesterday."
"IDC on Wednesday painted an optimistic outlook for Linux over the next few years, predicting that overall revenue for desktops, servers, and Linux-compatible packaged software will reach \$35 billion by 2008."
"Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: SEMPO Next Steps   Mike Grehan's Second SEMPO Article - Overture Bidding Cap - PPC Question for Merchants - SEO Firm Ordered to Refund Fees, Pay Fine - Tracking Past Links   Traffic? - Google Settles Overture Patent Dispute - Advice on Site Structure"
"Eastman Kodak Co., boosted by the sale of a remote sensing business and gains in digital photography, recorded a sharply higher profit in the third quarter and beat Wall Street forecasts by a wide margin."
"SuperPuppy writes  quot;Hardcoreware.net has rounded up three 2500 Socket A processors from AMD. An AthlonXP, based on the Barton core (this particular one predates the locked multipliers we #39;ve been seeing lately "
"Reuters - ChevronTexaco Corp., the No. 2\U.S. oil company, on Friday reported a rise in quarterly\profit, pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on\asset sales."
"The Brazilian striker Adriano scored two goals Sunday as Inter Milan beat Udinese, 3-1, in Serie A. An Andrea Pirlo strike gave AC Milan a 1-0 victory at Cagliari, moving Milan three points behind first-place Juventus."
"NEW YORK, December 16 (newratings.com) - Goldman Sachs Group (GS.NYS) reported sequential earnings growth of 36 for 4Q today. The renowned brokerage firm reported earnings of \$1.19 billion or \$2.36 per share "
"FM Shalom, who met US secretary in Washington, said Israel would do all that it can to enable elections, as long as it would not harm our security."
"Newspapers in Greece reflect a mixture of exhilaration that the Athens Olympics proved successful, and relief that they passed off without any major setback."
Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. has appointed a new chief financial officer following the resignation of former CFO Kevin Thompson and the recent restatement of its revenue after an accounting policy change.
"BAGHDAD -- An Iraqi extremist group linked to Al Qaeda said yesterday that it had killed a second American hostage, a day after a video recording showed the insurgents beheading another American captive. The group announced the slaying on an Islamist website in a statement laced with threats against the US presence in Iraq."
Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric met former boss Harry Redknapp today to publicly clarify the transfer policy at Fratton Park. Redknapp stood down last week after weeks of uncertainty over his future at the Barclays Premiership club.
Argentina #39;s leftist president called IMF head Rodrigo Rato an old-style  quot;plantation owner quot; for trying to force the South American country to swallow free-market reforms as a condition for aid.
TOKYO : Shares in ailing Japanese retailer Daiei Inc. jumped 16 percent after US giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. confirmed it was interested in aiding the firm #39;s revival. 
"VOULIAGMENI Tyler Hamilton of the United States won the men #39;s time trial gold medal Wednesday, beating defending champion Viatcheslav Ekimov of Russia and another American, Bobby Julich. "
"AP - San Francisco quarterback Tim Rattay and running back Kevan Barlow are questionable for Sunday's game at Arizona, the latest misery in the 49ers' 1-11 season."
"Long before the college football season started, followers of Boston College and West Virginia were eyeing Nov. 13 on their schedules. With Miami and Virginia Tech gone to the Atlantic Coast Conference, it seemed likely that the battle for the Big East title, and a trip to a BCS bowl, would be contested between the Mountaineers and Eagles, 1-2, respectively, ..."
"With Oracle #39;s \$9.2 billion tender offer for PeopleSoft set to expire Friday, David A. Duffield, PeopleSoft #39;s chief executive, accused Oracle on Thursday of spreading "
"Reuters - The head of Peru's Congress on\Wednesday urged the region's top rights court not to order the\freedom of a New Yorker jailed for collaboration with leftist\rebels, saying it had to realize ""this lady is a terrorist."""
Reuters - A senior U.S. official said on Wednesday\deals should not be done with hostage-takers ahead of the\latest deadline set by Afghan Islamic militants who have\threatened to kill three kidnapped U.N. workers.
"International Business Machines Corp. (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by the partial settlement of an employee pension lawsuit "
"JBoss Application Server 4.0, the next version of the open-source application server, was released on Monday. The company claims that JBoss AS 4.0 is the first open-source application server to achieve J2EE "
"President Bush and Sen. John Kerry aren #39;t the only ones whose futures are riding on Tuesday #39;s election. Also at stake: the reputation of Diebold, the largest maker of electronic voting machines."
"Somalia #39;s new prime minister is Ali Mohamed Ghedi, a Member of Parliament from the capital, Mogadishu. Somali President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed announced the appointment at a news conference in Nairobi."
US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is in western Iraq to meet with American Marines fighting insurgents in the country #39;s restive Al Anbar province.
"Reuters - After peering inside NASA's broken\Genesis capsule with flashlights and mirrors, scientists said\on Friday the craft's unexpected crash landing left solar\material intact and most scientific objectives within reach."
"The board of directors at The Walt Disney Co. (nyse: DIS - news - people ) went to a less-than-magic kingdom on Wednesday, as a shareholder suit began."
"I don #39;t understand why everyone can #39;t get past Target #39;s deciding against the Salvation Army bell-ringers  quot;Target #39;s ban on red kettles gets a boycott in return, from me!"
Zimbabwe #39;s main opposition party Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) has threatened to boycott all elections in the country until the government implements  quot;real quot; electoral 
"The Tri-nations championship involving Australia, New Zealand and South Africa will be expanded from six to nine matches from 2006, according to the governing body SANZAR."
"During pregame warmups for yesterday's matchup with Taunton to decide the Old Colony League title, Bridgewater-Raynham senior Tony Murdoch sprinted to the corner of the end zone and pulled down a pass with a teammate draped on his back."
AP - Oregon lost its season opener and dropped out of the Top 25 thanks mostly to its own mistakes.
"BAGHDAD, Iraq Suicide bombers and other attackers, apparently targeting US and Iraqi forces, struck in quick succession in three separate areas of the capital Thursday, killing at least 46 people and wounding 208 others, officials said."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;, in its first earnings report as a publicly held  company, on Thursday posted quarterly net income and revenue  that more than doubled on strong Web search advertising."
" 2004-11-24  Diana Duyser will soon become \$28,000 richer, courtesy her 10-year-old sandwich. It #39;s no ordinary sandwitch, though."
"WASHINGTON, NOV 20 : After a bitter 18-month battle Oracle Corporation has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain."
"An Israeli aircraft fired a missile Sunday at a Palestinian target in Gaza #39;s Jebaliya refugee camp, witnesses said. Ambulances rushed to the scene, but it was not "
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Delta Air Lines shares rose sharply Wednesday ahead of a Thursday meeting at which the carrier is expected to offer its pilots a stake in the struggling company. 
Palestinians are preparing to bury leader Yasser Arafat in the spruced up grounds of his battered West Bank headquarters on the soil of his beloved Jerusalem.
"ELGIN VALLEY, South Africa -- When South Africa held its first fully democratic elections in 1994, Patrick Kraukamp, a day laborer, was just starting a job as a forklift driver at the Paul Cluver wine estate in this lush mountain valley."
The digital media software developer deserves more attention from investors.
"America's payrolls picked up in August, with the economy adding 144,000 jobs, slightly less than economists were forecasting and highlighting the slow and uneven recovery in the labor market that jobseekers have braved."
"Insurers and fund managers are set to cash in on Asia #39;s private pension industry, which is expected to grow nearly four-fold in 10 years as the world #39;s most populous region grows older."
"Maxime Faget conceived and proposed the development of the one-man spacecraft used in Project Mercury, which put the first American astronauts into suborbital flight, then orbital flight "
"Propelled by Google envy, new players and Internet industry giants are rushing into the online search market."
"N #39;DJAMENA, Chad As Bill Frist, the majority leader of the US Senate, was interviewing Darfurian refugees in Chad earlier this month, the Sudanese government and Arab janjaweed forces attacked a number of black Darfurian villages just a few miles away "
 KABUL (Reuters) - The crisis surrounding Afghanistan's  historic presidential election appeared to end on Monday as  President Hamid Karzai's chief rival said he and other  candidates were withdrawing their rejection of the weekend  poll.
"Reuters - Vets at a Berlin zoo have been forced to\separate a baby rhino from his mother for fear she may\accidentally trample him to death, zoo officials said on\Tuesday."
"Israeli gunfire killed an 8-year-old Palestinian girl eating lunch in her home today during an exchange between Palestinians and Israeli soldiers in the southern Gaza Strip, the girl #39;s family said."
Firm says preliminary results for tender offer for PeopleSoft shares could be available just after midnight Friday night.
Olympic medalists will take another bow and several hopefuls for the 2008 Beijing Games will take out some frustrations for the next five days at the World Short Course Swimming Championships in Indianapolis.
Reuters - A Russian rocket carrying\a U.S.-Russian space crew on a two-day flight to the\International Space Station blasted off from the Baikonur\cosmodrome in Kazakhstan early Thursday.
Middlesbrough midfielder Gaizka Mendieta will miss the Carling Cup third-round clash with Coventry and the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
"To tune in, turn off that TV and head outside about 8:45 tonight, because the best show of the evening is going to be hanging in the sky."
"THE banker at the centre of Britain #39;s biggest sex discrimination case was losing her firm almost \$1ma week, a tribunal has been told."
Sri Lanka qualified for the final of a three-nation one-day tournament today after their match with Zimbabwe was called off due to overnight rain.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Portugal were bundled out of the men's  soccer tournament at the Athens Olympics on Wednesday after a  humiliating 4-2 defeat by Costa Rica.
"AP - Heavily armed police commandos stormed a Jerusalem church compound and arrested nuclear whistle blower Mordechai Vanunu on Thursday, drawing harsh condemnation from the Anglican Church to which he belongs."
"AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds rose by  #36;7.25 billion in the latest week to  #36;832.87 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday."
"LOS ANGELES - Thousands of hotel workers in Los Angeles voted to authorize a strike, their union said Tuesday, joining in an effort that could lead to walkouts in three cities.    About three-fourths of the 3,000 housekeepers, bellmen and other workers at nine prominent Los Angeles hotels took part in the vote Monday, and union spokesman Danny Feingold said Tuesday that 83 percent of them chose to authorize a strike..."
YAHOO #39;S BID to stop two French groups stopping it selling neo-nazi paraphernalia are having a job convincing the US court system to intervene.
"AP - China's biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group, said Wednesday it has acquired a majority stake in International Business Machines Corp.'s personal computer business for  #36;1.75 billion, one of the biggest Chinese overseas acquisitions ever."
The trade group that represents Hollywood #39;s major motion picture studios is expected to announce Thursday that it intends to file as many as 230 lawsuits in coming weeks against individuals 
"Following the success of &lt;I&gt;The Ring&lt;/I&gt; and, more recently, &lt;I&gt;The Grudge,&lt;/I&gt; a slew of Hollywood remakes of Japanese horror movies are in the pipeline. But audiences beware: These are not your typical monster-in-the-closet scary movies."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stun gun maker Taser International  Inc. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it won U.S. government approval to  use its products on some commercial airline flights to protect  passengers from potential harm."
"Amateur baseball: Yawkey League playoffs -- South Boston vs. Somerville at Ronan Park, Dorchester, 7:30 p.m."
US officials are blaming Darfur rebels for this week #39;s renewed violence in the troubled region of western Sudan. The Sudanese government says more than 30 of its policemen have been killed in Darfur clashes since Monday.
Eight alleged terrorists were charged in Britain this week. One was caught with detailed plans of several US buildings.
"This winter, as crude oil touched \$53 a barrel today, they will translate into higher heating bills for American households."
"Halliburton Co. said yesterday that it may sell its Kellogg Brown  amp; Root subsidiary, the largest government contractor in Iraq."
PC World - Chips have become so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious problems.
"If Kurt Busch goes on to win his first NASCAR title, he can point to the 500 miles at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway as the defining race of his season."
"AP - Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal was arrested early Friday on charges of driving under the influence, speeding and reckless driving, police said."
Microsoft said Tuesday that it has released a near-final test version of updates to its Windows and Windows Server operating systems.
"Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  released on\Tuesday a patch for its latest ""critical"" rated security flaw\affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software\programs."
"Rudi Voeller has arrived in Rome to sign a contract that will tie him to his former club, Roma. The German coach stated that he is ready for the new challenge and he will do his best in this new adventure."
"Something of a curate's egg of a lash out, this..."
"AP - The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new U.N. survey, which credits dropping prices for the robot boom."
"Frank Quattrone, considered the most prominent investment banker of the 1990s technology boom, has been sentenced to 18 months in prison."
AP - San Francisco at San Diego (10:05 p.m. EDT). Jason Schmidt goes for his 17th win against Brian Lawrence and the Padres.
buried the victims of a wave of bombings and gunfire that killed 46 people in the northeast region. wounding more than 50 in deadliest attacks since a ceasefire with the main Naga rebel group began seven years ago.
"WTA rankings, which is released on Monday, will see Lindsay Davenport taking over the top spot from France #39;s Amelie Mauresmo after the American reaching the Kremlin Cup quarter "
"PRINCETON, New Jersey  #39;Everyone wants to go to Baghdad; real men want to go to Tehran. quot; That was the attitude in Washington two years ago, when Ahmad Chalabi was assuring everyone that Iraqis would greet US troops with flowers."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Olympic 400 meter relay gold medallist  Alvin Harrison has accepted a four-year ban for drugs  violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on  Tuesday."
The giant Russian oil firm Yukos has failed to convince a Moscow arbitration court to suspend the sale by bailiffs of its Siberian subsidiary to satisfy a \$3.4 billion tax debt. 
"As the Olympic Games headed into the home straight, Argentina won their first Olympic gold medal in more than half a century when their soccer team beat Paraguay Saturday."
"AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan, under fire in Washington over the U.N. role in Iraq, said that the United States and the United Nations have the greatest impact on global issues when they work together."
WORLEY Group became a true global player in mining services yesterday with the acquisition of an American partner. The \$US245 million (\$A350 million) purchase of US-based Parsons E amp;C will turn Worley into a near billion-dollar business.
"Police and paramilitary are patrolling the streets of the Bangladeshi capital after several grenades exploded near former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as she spoke at a party rally Saturday, killing at least 18 people and "
"AP - T.J. Duckett set a team record by rushing for four touchdowns and the Atlanta Falcons clinched just the third division title in franchise history, wrapping up the NFC South with a 35-10 rout of the Oakland Raiders on Sunday."
"AP - A Democratic senator warned CIA Director Porter Goss Thursday that his efforts to make major changes could have ""a significant and negative effect on the agency."""
"In a series of apparently well-coordinated raids, British and Pakistani security forces arrested a number of terrorism suspects in early August. Some of the men arrested in the United Kingdom were charged with  quot;conspiring...to cause fear, panic, and ..."
"The protesters coming to New York are receiving an outpouring of hospitality from scores of people who are opening their homes as temporary, free shelter."
"AP - Kazaa's long-standing position as the most popular online file-sharing software appears to be over. Last month, the daily average of file-swappers on the FastTrack peer-to-peer network, which includes Kazaa and related programs, was surpassed for the first time by users on the eDonkey/Overnet network, according to online tracking firm BayTSP Inc."
"Reuters - Shares in tech bellwethers Intel\Corp. and Yahoo Inc. rose in after-hours trade on upbeat\earnings reports, driving Asian shares higher Wednesday as oil\prices retreated from record highs."
General Electric is posting quarterly earnings in line with Wall Street expectations. The diversified manufacturer and financial services company says revenue rose 15 percent on higher 
"U.S. forces entered Samarra to re-assert Iraqi government authority, bombed a building in Falluja, and reportedly clashed with rebels in a town near the Syrian border."
"washingtonpost.com - The state of Virginia and Fairfax County each pledged  #36;600,000 to entice International Business Machines Corp. to bring 1,250 high-paying new government contracting jobs to Fairfax."
"AP - Stalled by reluctant witnesses and an uncooperative defendant, judges in Slobodan Milosevic's war crimes trial adjourned the proceedings for a month Wednesday to give the former Yugoslav president's court-appointed lawyers time to prepare their case."
"Mark Hurlbert, the prosecutor who spent hundreds of thousands of dollars preparing a case against Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant before dismissing it, may pay dearly for his decision at the polls in November."
The Cambodian legislature has ratified an agreement allowing establishment of a United Nations-backed tribunal for surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge.
"Brussels - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt was in hospital on Tuesday after being involved in a traffic accident in which his vehicle overturned, Belga news agency reported."
Real Madrid have made an official apology to Bayer Leverkusens Roque Junior for the racist taunts a small portion of the Bernabeu crowd dedicated to the Brazlian defender last night.
Michael Phelps collected his fifth gold medal of the Games with victory in the men #39;s 100 metres butterfly today. 
"As she climbed the final obstacle to her first-ever marathon victory, Constantina Tomescu-Dita couldn #39;t help looking back - back to her past, back to the ghosts that have plagued her time and time again."
"Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Monday that a curfew will be imposed on Fallujah from 6p.m. (1500 GMT), indicating an imminent major offensive against the restive city."
"A case pitting two of the biggest names in IP law against each other came to a head Tuesday, when an Oakland, Calif., jury awarded \$82 million to a San Jose, Calif."
Japan #39;s Nikkei share average opened 0.63 percent higher on Monday after a fall in the yen helped some exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
"England #39;s cricketers flew out for their tour of Zimbabwe today, with captain Michael Vaughan making it quite clear he was opposed to the trip."
"Bruce Wasserstein, the chief executive of Lazard, has cancelled a board meeting scheduled for tomorrow that would have given him a further opportunity to push through "
Sun Microsystems has announced an upgrade to its UltraSparc IV processor with further use of chip multithreading. UltraSparc IV is a dual core design fabricated by Texas Instruments on its 90nm process.
"For an imaginary point in the midst of an ice-capped sea, the North Pole is a surprisingly hot piece of real estate."
Entertainment industry executives got to strut their stuff Monday as two big traditional winter investor conferences kicked off here with a star-studded lineup.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Retailer Payless ShoeSource Inc.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;PSS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday posted a quarterly profit, as lower  advertising and payroll expenses and other cost savings offset  decreased sales."
"The software maker has filed a claim over its per-employee pricing plan, highlighting the tech industry's increasing focus on patents, News.com has learned."
" SEATTLE (Sports Network) - Marshawn Lynch rushed for 121  yards and scored three touchdowns to lead No. 5 California to a  42-12 victory over Washington Saturday at Husky Stadium. Aaron  Rodgers threw a pair of touchdown passes for the Golden Bears  (8-1, 6-1 Pac-10), who are having their best season in 13  years."
"Reuters - An American woman, believed to be a\civilian, and a young Afghan girl died from their wounds after\a suicide bomb attack in a busy shopping street in the Afghan\capital, hospital staff said on Sunday."
"AP - Richard Jefferson hasn't forgotten the lessons taught by his missionary parents. A couple of hours before a brawl between Indiana and Detroit gave the NBA a black eye last week, Jefferson quietly showed the charitable side of the league's players."
"Microsoft (Quote, Chart) unveiled nine consumer-oriented mice and keyboards, with geek-chic touches like Bluetooth connectivity and biometrics."
Uefa insisted last night that security will not be a problem when Middlesbrough and Newcastle supporters join those of Arsenal in Athens this month to play European matches against three Greek clubs.
"THEY CAME to pay homage to the new hero of Old Trafford last night, to take their first glimpse at the glorious future. And the boy-man delivered as Wayne Rooney showed exactly why Sir Alex Ferguson was willing "
Sharmba Mitchell knew he shouldn't have been going into a boxing ring two years ago. He should have been going into an operating room.
"Point guard #39;s late play is difference vs. Raptors; Heat #39;s O #39;Neal surpasses 10,000 rebounds in win. EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- Jason Kidd couldn #39;t have scripted a better ending, except perhaps for a flashier assist on the winning basket."
French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy meets with counterpart Wolfgang Clement in Berlin on Monday in an attempt to heal the recent rifts in Franco-German industrial relations with plans for a shipbuilding alliance.
"As chipmakers plunge into the world of multicore processors to increase performance, software companies are struggling to catch up."
"An audit by international observers supported official elections results that gave President Hugo Chavez a victory over a recall vote against him, the secretary-general of the Organisation of American States announced."
"In a fitting end to a season dominated by Russian women, the country won its first Fed Cup title Sunday by edging defending champion France 3-2 when Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva beat Marion Bartoli and Emilie Loit 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the deciding doubles match."
" KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his  career."
"The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has filed a legal complaint against two companies that allegedly infected computers with spyware and pop-up advertising, then tried to sell spyware-blocking software."
"AP - With support from John Kerry's campaign, two third-party candidates for president officially asked on Tuesday for a recount in Ohio, the state that put President Bush over the top in November."
"With Martha Stewart in prison, her company #39;s board announced yesterday that it was replacing the president and chief executive, Sharon L. Patrick, with a television and publishing veteran who joined the board just five months ago."
A former president and former foreign minister of Bangladesh are attacked in the north of the country.
"AP - Chalk up the first game between the NFL's defending co-MVP quarterbacks to Peyton Manning. Manning threw for 254 yards and two touchdowns, and Nick Harper intercepted Steve McNair's pass in the end zone in helping Indianapolis rally for a 31-17 victory over Tennessee on Sunday."
"A Delta Air Lines jet taxies to the gate at Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Oct. 27 in Atlanta. On Friday, the airline released new details on the up to 6,900 jobs it plans to cut starting Jan. 1."
AFP - Australia's central bank said the country's financial system is sound and ongoing economic growth has created a favourable outlook for financial stability.
Delta Air Lines #39; pilots Thursday overwhelmingly approved a \$1 billion package of concessions that cuts their pay by nearly a third but may pull the financially beleaguered carrier from the brink of bankruptcy.
"COMPANIES here more concerned with preventing computer viruses from attacking them, are neglecting their biggest information security threats - their employees and business partners."
"WHEN Sergio Garcia made a muddle of the first play-off hole at Valderrama and ran up 5 after Scotlands Alastair Forsyth had slipped out of contention during the closing round, Ian Poulter was able to demonstrate a cool head and steady nerves to win the "
Japanese doctors have used thin sheets of cheek tissue to restore vision in people with a painful eye condition caused by damaged corneas.
French prosecutors investigating the manslaughter of the 113 people killed in the Air France Concorde crash four years ago are to summon senior executives of the US airline Continental.
"Cingular Wireless, the nation #39;s largest wireless carrier following the company #39;s merger with AT amp;T Wireless, said Wednesday that it has completed integration activities ahead of schedule and now expects merger-related cost savings to exceed prior estimates "
"American tennis player Lindsay Davenport has knocked Australia #39;s Alicia Molik out of the WTA event in Filderstadt, Germany. Davenport became the first player to book her place in the quarter-finals of the "
"The Russian oil giant Yukos sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States on Wednesday, requesting an emergency court hearing in Texas to stop the Russian "
AP - The San Jose Earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the Western Conference by tying the Dallas Burn 2-2 on Saturday night in the season finale for both teams.
"For about \$20, you can tour the Theater of Dreams and inhale the history of Manchester United in its Old Trafford Stadium. For \$10 more, you could join the waiting list for a seat on match days - and witness the new arrival Wayne Rooney."
"The Bush-Cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the United States from viewing its Web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign's Internet address for six hours last week, according\to computer security experts. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"The wireless company buys a majority stake in Iridigm, developer of a brighter, low-cost alternative to LCD screens."
" KABUL (Reuters) - Three U.N. workers remained hostages of a  Taliban faction despite hopes they would be freed by the Muslim  festival of Eid which began on Saturday, the third anniversary  of the Taliban's flight from the Afghan capital."
Senator John McCain plans to introduce legislation requiring Major League Baseball players to be tested for steroids.
"AP - The Bush administration opposed security measures for new microchip-equipped passports that privacy advocates contended were needed to prevent identity theft, government snooping or a terror attack, according to State Department documents released Friday."
"DARLINGTON, SC (SportsTicker) - Jamie McMurray won his second straight NASCAR Busch Series race Saturday and Martin Truex Jr. celebrated the 2004 series title with a fourth-place finish in the Bi-Lo 200 at Darlington Raceway."
"Your support enables us to bring you insightful, global news coverage. Please donate today to support independent journalism."
 quot;The only possible source for adequate support of our medical schools and medical research is the taxing power of the Federal Government.
The 211-page report that was released on Wednesday by the Fannie Mae regulatory agency has put Roger L. Barnes in the spotlight.
"Microsoft #39;s big Windows patch gets snapped up by consumers, but many businesses are still testing it. By John Foley. Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Service Pack 2 is now in the hands of more than 100 million users, the company disclosed on Wednesday."
"Once it became clear some months ago that Saddam Hussein had been telling the truth about not having weapons of mass destruction or connections to al-Qaida, it should have been an embarrassment "
"Three hundred residents of Eagle County, some in Porsches and some in battered pickups, arrived at the small rural courthouse in this mountain village "
"Three of Citigroup's most senior executives are to leave the Wall Street heavyweight following last month's closure of its Japanese operations, reports say."
"NEW YORK - Gary Sheffield hit an RBI single, and the New York Yankees took a 1-0 lead over Pedro Martinez and the Boston Red Sox in Game 2 of the AL championship series Wednesday night.    New York starter Jon Lieber allowed only one hit and a walk, stifling Boston's sluggers just as Mike Mussina did the night before..."
Researchers are studying the spinal cord of the eel-like sea lamprey in hopes that a machine based on its structure could someday enable paralyzed people to regain control of their legs. By Karen Lurie.
"High oil prices, which have been a factor in virtually all US recessions over the past three decades, are surging again this year."
Visiting US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said here on Tuesday that the United States will further enhance its relations with Pakistan.
"AP - Carly Patterson has hobnobbed with Jay Leno, David Letterman and Shaquille O'Neal, posed for the cover of the Wheaties box and been the guest of honor at a parade in her hometown."
"European cell phone giant T-Mobile International said Wednesday that it #39;s conducting a trial of super-fast wireless broadband gear from Flarion Technologies, giving the New Jersey start-up its first step into the European broadband market."
"OSLO, Norway - Armed, masked thieves burst into a lightly guarded Oslo museum Sunday and snatched the Edvard Munch masterpiece ""The Scream"" and a second Munch painting from the walls as stunned visitors watched in shock.    It was the second time in a decade that a version of the iconic ""Scream,"" which depicts an anguished, opened-mouthed figure grabbing the sides of its head, had been stolen from an Oslo museum..."
Hundreds of prospective jurors in the high-profile Kobe Bryant rape case turned up on Friday for jury selection in a trial of the star athlete that lawyers said is shaping up to be full of rancor.
"Ford Motor Co. is expanding the availability of Sirius Satellite Radio as a dealer-installed option, and plans to offer Sirius as a factory-installed option on up to 20 Ford and Lincoln Mercury lines over the next two years, the automaker said Monday."
Prime Minister John Howard is set to become the second longest serving Prime Minister after the Coalition #39;s convincing win in yesterday #39;s federal election.
"The International Open Source Network (IOSN), an organization funded by the United Nations, has released a beginner #39;s manual for the Linux desktop."
"AP - Drew Gooden scored 27 points and LeBron James had 27, his final field goal coming on a monstrous dunk that sent the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 105-97 win Saturday night over the feuding Toronto Raptors, who didn't have Vince Carter."
"ATHENS, Greece - The Mississippian few thought would make the US Olympic team nearly won gold Monday in the 400 meters. Otis Harris of Edwards had the lead rounding the final turn of the one-lap sprint but "
Italian politicians agree to work together to try to secure the release of two women kidnapped in Iraq.
" quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; is an epic homage to the West Coast gang culture of the early 1990s. Yes, parents, there #39;s way too much violence and profanity here for the kids."
" ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States trailed China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games."
"The RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) knows how to kick of the back-to-school season with a splash, sending out another load of lawsuits to collegians everywhere."
 KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian presidential hopeful Viktor  Yushchenko returned to campaigning Saturday in a defiant mood  after recovering from what his supporters said was an attempt  by authorities to poison him.
"MELBOURNE, Australia -- If former Australian Davis Cup player Scott Draper has an early exit from next month #39;s Australian Open tennis championships, he can always put away his racket and pull out the golf clubs."
"Reuters - Intel and Nokia will jointly\develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,\the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first\major cooperative effort in cell phones."
"Mike Vanderjagt kicks a 35-yard field goal with two seconds left to lift the Colts over the Vikings, 31-28, on Monday night."
"Reuters - Johnson   Johnson  is warning\doctors that patients taking its rheumatoid arthritis drug\Remicade may have a higher risk of lymphoma, a blood cancer,\the company said on Friday."
"One minute, you feel as if you have won the lottery. The next, the bully down the street swiped your ticket. You have been conned, swindled, taken."
"If Shannon Sharpe, who was at the Broncos #39; exhibition finale on Thursday and spotted at team headquarters this weekend, wanted to he could roll off the "
"BALTIMORE - While speakers at the EPCglobal Inc. U.S. conference Wednesday talked up the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID), analysts watching RFID adoptions said many U.S. companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt the technology."
AP - Reuben Droughns had another 100-yard game to help the Denver Broncos stay atop the AFC West for another week.
"Iraq's interim president says Ghazi al-Yawar the 30 January poll must go ahead, despite continuing violence."
"Eager to tarnish Microsoft's shiny new Service Pack 2, the security press managed to spin the most thin and marginal issues into ""gaping holes"" and ""security craters."" "
"Federal regulators charged three former Kmart executives and five current and former managers of major vendors with accounting fraud, claiming they misrepresented "
"Toutatis, a mountain-sized asteroid, came the closest to the Earth since at least the 12th century, allowing scientists to gather data about its trajectory and features, the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration said."
"LLEYTON HEWITT on the other side of a net serves as a mirror into the soul, a reflection of what it is that lies deep within an opponent."
"com October 21, 2004, 10:50 AM PT. A stolen copy of the latest sequel in one of the top-selling video game series of all time began circulating on the Web late Wednesday, the second high-profile game theft in a week."
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger insisted he was not disappointed to only gain a point from his sides Champions League tie with Panathinaikos.
Sony and Nintendo made separate product announcements ahead of the highly competitive holiday shopping season.
"The accounting firm KPMG and a Belgian affiliate agreed Thursday to pay \$115 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit claiming the companies failed in their audit of Lernout  amp; Hauspie Speech Products, which later collapsed."
"A season that started with such high hopes for the Cubs wound up with them being eliminated from playoff contention by their fifth straight loss, 8-6 to the Atlanta Braves on Saturday."
"Reuters - Facing record budget deficits,\the Bush administration likely will turn to short-term\government borrowing to help finance its plan to add personal\retirement accounts to Social Security, officials said on\Saturday."
The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) today announced the adoption of Bluetooth Core Specification Version 2.0  EDR (Enhanced Data Rate).
The largest seizure of counterfeit Microsoft software and components ever - some \$80 million worth - along with the indictments of 11 people suspected of being involved in the piracy is being credited to a two-year investigation undertaken in a 
Tokyo stocks were mixed early Friday as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
"Aiming to deflate archrival Intel, Advanced Micro Devices this week will show off its dual-core chips, which will start to trickle out toward the middle of next year."
"Dow Jones Buying MarketWatch for \$519 Million\\Yes Virginia, there is money to be made in web publishing, especially stock market and trading news! The news will invigorate bloggers and news publishers everywhere. If you're read by a certain targeted market with money to spend, you can be worth something. Maybe ..."
"Serious fun lit up the Olympics last night. A showdown among the swaggering gunslingers who populate the sprint community, celebrated by 72,000 spectators for a full 10 minutes prior "
"The governor #39;s plan to move up county tax collections next year could unravel what was supposed to be a smooth, noncombative wrap-up of a new state budget."
"The US Air Force has awarded a \$500m, six-year contract to Microsoft Corp and Dell Corp, to update and consolidate 38 software licenses across multiple sites on more than 525,000 machines."
"General Motors doesn #39;t believe \$50 barrels of oil are having any effect on sales of big trucks and SUVs, and it has new sales numbers to back it up: GM #39;s light truck sales were up 33 in September, to record levels of 287,000."
"TORONTO -- It #39;s hush-hush, but people in the know are penciling in Feb. 24 to say goodbye to Toronto police Chief Julian Fantino."
INTERNATIONAL Cricket Council president Ehsan Mani and chief executive Malcolm Speed on Sunday said that Zimbabwe*s Test status was never under threat even though the Zimbabwe Cricket Union 
"Campbell Soup turns in a good quarter, but there are better alternatives."
AOL partner offers new version of Central kit that connects to online giant's instant messenger.
"Assailants set off a powerful time bomb next to an army truck parked in a teeming outdoor market in southwestern Pakistan on Friday, killing at least 11 people and injuring "
"MIAMI -- Reggie Merriweather ran for a career-high 114 yards and three touchdowns, including a 2-yard score in overtime last night to cap Clemson's 24-17 comeback victory over No. 11 Miami."
"SEATTLE --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 16, 2004 -- The Institute for Systems Biology (ISB) announced today that in partnership with IBM, United Devices and the University of Washington, it has launched the Human Proteome Folding Project on World Community Grid."
Texas Rangers closer Francisco Cordero appeared on the Jeff Rickard Show on Sporting News Radio to discuss Monday night #39;s incident in which several members of the Rangers bullpen were involved in an altercation with Oakland fans and one - Frank 
"AP - Palestinians hoping for a morale boost after four years of bloody conflict with Israel were disappointed Sunday, when their contestant in a much-watched contest for the Arab world's best singer lost to a Libyan."
"Reuters - California voters' approval of a  #36;3\billion ballot measure this week to fund controversial\stem-cell research gives new life to a similar effort in the\U.S. Congress, moderate Republicans said on Thursday."
"NEW YORKJust three outs from getting swept out of the American League championship series three nights earlier, the Red Sox finally humbled the dreaded Yankees, winning Game Seven in a 10-3 shocker on Wednesday night to become the first major league "
special coverage Hostile bid for PeopleSoft hurts Oracle's image among IT professionals.
Labor Party Chair Shimon Peres is facing growing opposition from his party over his decision to continue coalition talks with Likud despite the Likud convention #39;s resolution last week against bringing Labor into the government.
"Stephan Paternot, co-founder of theglobe.com, is reinventing himself with Palm Star Entertainment."
A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the international space station docked safely with the orbiting complex early Saturday.
IBM on Friday is scheduled to make available early versions of three grid-based technologies intended to help corporate and third-party developers better manage grid-based resources as a way to solve large and compute-intensive problems.
"AP - Sears, Roebuck and Co.'s credit rating was cut by Fitch Ratings on Monday to BBB-, one notch above junk status, a few days after the retailer trimmed its 2004 earnings outlook."
The Charles Schwab Corporation said yeserday that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
A gripping game between Arsenal and Chelsea ends with the honours finishing even at Highbury.
"A tiny pilotless NASA jet soared above the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday at nearly 10 times the speed of sound, almost 7,000 miles an hour, thanks to a radical new engine technology."
A sharp decline in oil prices and a surprise drop in wholesale prices pushed stocks higher Friday as investors #39; concerns about third quarter earnings were mitigated.
"Unlike more focused companies, Citigroup finds success by diversifying its business."
FT.com - Shares in Virgin Mobile fell back below July's float price on Tuesday as analysts and investors interpreted a trading update from the company as a surprise revenue warning.
"Sam Cassell and the Minnesota Timberwolves apparently are back on good terms. The veteran guard reported for yesterday afternoon's practice after skipping the team's media day and first day of workouts earlier in the week. Cassell, 34, was unhappy about not getting a contract extension."
"It #39;s about time. As we speculated a few months ago, Sony has announced plans for a hard-drive based digital audio player that will support the MP3 compression format."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week while refinancings surged, as 30-year mortgage  interest rates fell to their lowest level in over four months,  an industry group said on Wednesday."
BANGKOK: Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra vowed to continue arresting ringleaders of separatist attacks as a volunteer rescue worker became the latest victim of violence that has claimed more than 560 lives this year.
"TORONTO (CP) - A Bay Street investment dealer has dropped out of the battle to refinance Stelco Inc., saying it can #39;t compete in a sales process that favours the Hamilton steelmaker being taken over by an industry player."
" OJIYA, Japan (Reuters) - Dozens of aftershocks shook  northern Japan on Sunday after the country's deadliest  earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people and injured  some 1,400 as houses collapsed, roads crumbled and rail tracks  buckled.   "
CARLOS MOYA was hurled into the air by jubilant team-mates after clinching the Davis Cup for Spain yesterday. Moya beat American Andy Roddick 6-2 7-6 7-6 to give the home side an unbeatable 
Delta Air Lines pilots ratified \$1 billion a year in pay cuts and other concessions that have become the linchpin of the company #39;s efforts to keep from spiraling into bankruptcy.
"Four proponents of high-definition DVD technology will invite component manufacturers to join a group set up to help speed its commercialization, while Sony has confirmed that it will use blue lasers in its next Playstation console."
"Malaysia has detected a new outbreak of bird flu in a village in north-east Kelantan state, the sixth to be hit by the deadly virus in a month, officials announced today."
"Weeks before Marine and Army units stormed into Fallujah, blowing up buildings and blasting holes in insurgent positions, Navy Lt. Cmdr. Larry Merola was already working on a plan to fix the damage."
"A gas explosion at a coal mine in northern China has trapped 187 miners, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday. The blast tore through the state-run Chenjiashan "
Wall Street continued its post-election rally yesterday as oil prices dropped by more than \$2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.
"Description: NPR #39;s Scott Simon offers his thoughts on Paul Hamm, the US Olympic gymnast plagued by scoring scandals. Hamm has been asked -- indirectly -- to give up his gold medal in the men #39;s all-around competition."
"Anne Maneikis has a problem with the holidays. She goes crazy. The rest of the year, she is perfectly sane. Thirty-seven and single, she works as an account executive for an advertising agency, managing budgets."
"MAUI, Hawaii (Sports Network) - Taquan Dean poured in a game-high 30 points and Francisco Garcia added 16 points to lead 12th-ranked Louisville over Stanford, 82-67, in the fifth place game of the Maui Invitational at the Lahaina Civic Center."
"Iowa State makes a slew of late-game errors and falls to Missouri, 17-14, in overtime. The loss sends Colorado to the Big 12 title game against Oklahoma."
"GONAIVES, Haiti - The death toll from floods unleashed by Tropical Storm Jeanne rose sharply to nearly 2,000 people, with many still missing, as officials said they found hundreds more bodies in Haiti's devastated northwestern region.    Officials, who had previously put the toll at 1,550 dead and about 900 missing, could not immediately provide specifics on the higher toll announced Sunday night, but said hundreds more bodies were found in recent days in areas outside the hard-hit town of Gonaives..."
"Yahoo #39;s face-off with France over Nazi paraphernalia took its latest twist Monday, with a federal appeals court reversing an earlier decision that found the First Amendment protected the Web portal from legal action over the issue in the United States."
"London, Oct. 16: Prince Harry was cleared yesterday of cheating in his art A-level by the examination board that set and marked his papers."
The very lawsuits that swept through US cyberspace have reportedly made their way across the Atlantic. The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry said Thursday that it filed 459 criminal and 
BearingPoint Inc. chairman and chief executive Randolph C. Blazer resigned abruptly yesterday after leading the McLean consulting firm for more than four years.
"Connecticut's attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, said yesterday that Bank of America Corp. told him it would cut 100 jobs in Connecticut but add about the same number, marking the first time the bank has given any state an account of how many employees would be affected by its merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp."
"COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Mike Nugent's 55-yard field goal as time expired gave ninth-ranked Ohio State a 24-21 victory over Marshall yesterday."
"PARIS (Reuters) - Europe #39;s largest carrier Air France-KLM has joined rivals in raising its ticket prices to offset soaring jet fuel costs, but a leading bank has questioned how effective the surcharges will be in protecting airline profits. "
"Denver-based Qwest Communications International Inc. (NYSE: Q) has agreed to a pay \$250 million fine to settle a wide-ranging fraud investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Associated Press reported Thursday."
"Prepared statements were flying like tickertape Tuesday, in the wake of ABC #39;s racy introductory skit on Monday Night Football."
UEFA have banned Valencia midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo for seven games after he was sent off during a Champions League match against Werder Bremen.
Crude oil futures rose above \$41 a barrel yesterday as traders focused on OPEC's planned production cutback and colder weather in the United States.
"After putting a dreary October spin on its prospects for the final three months of the year, Intel allowed Thursday that Christmas may come to techdom after all."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rebounded  sharply in July, the government said on Monday, erasing the  disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the U.S.  economy has recovered from its recent soft spot."
TechWeb - Two new vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer 6.0 -- unveiled by a security firm Wednesday -- could be exploited by hackers to bypass security features in Microsoft's Windows XP SP2.
"An Israeli helicopter fired two missiles toward a crowd of Palestinians on the outskirts of a refugee camp early Saturday, killing a 55-year-old man and wounding five people, all civilians, hospital officials said."
"Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - A late strike from Brazilian superstar Ronaldinho propelled Barcelona to a 2-1 Champions League win over AC Milan Tuesday at Camp Nou."
" PARIS (Reuters) - Euro Disney shares were suspended on  Tuesday at the company's request, said pan European bourse  operator Euronext, before the theme park operator is expected  to make a statement on a restructuring plan."
London - Everton emerged from the 200th Merseyside derby on Saturday with a long-awaited victory over Liverpool and their credentials as genuine contenders for a Champions League place significantly enhanced.
"BAGHDAD, Iraq (AFP) - At least 21 people, including 17 Iraqis working for the US military, were killed yesterday as a senior UN official warned that crucial elections could not be held in the current climate of violence."
The US and Spanish coaches had to be separated when an argument erupted at the end of the game as the United States beat Spain 102-94 in the Olympic men #39;s basketball quarterfinals Thursday.
"You walk around feeling like your team is messing this up, that they #39;re doing it wrong, that the Phillies are doomed to unending futility - even when they do something right."
A 21-year-old Michigan man who tried to steal credit card numbers from a national hardware store chain is sentenced to nine years in federal prison.
"The HD-DVD Promotion Group will facilitate exchanges of information among hardware companies, device manufacturers and content firms, and organize joint promotion of HD-DVD to support early product launches and market expansion."
"BM plans to announce today that it will invest \$250 million over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks."
"NEW DELHI: Microsoft said on Wednesday that starter edition of Windows XP (XP SE) operating system (OS) will be available in India from early 2005, a move that is expected to bring down prices of entry level PCs."
Software giant announces new tools for plugging digital cameras into PCs.
"Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s bigger maker of phone equipment, named Clent Richardson as its chief marketing officer, filling a position that was vacant for almost two years."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch on Wednesday  include H R Block Inc., Michaels Stores Inc., Tech Data Corp.,  and Microsoft Corp.  "
"AP - President Bush, trying to mend relations with Latin America, pledged Sunday to make a fresh push for stalled immigration reforms and defended the U.S. invasion of Iraq, saying that ""history will prove it right."""
"Phil Craven, head of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) told a press conference he was very upbeat about the Games."
"AP - For the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough."
"Well, Intel did say - dismissively of course - that wasn #39;t going to try to match AMD #39;s little dual-core Opteron demo coup of last week and show off a dual-core Xeon at the Intel Developer Forum this week and - as good as its word - it didn #39;t."
"THE REGION Twenty people at Massachusetts colleges are among 761 being sued by the recording industry in its latest attack on illegal file-swappers. Since last year, the Recording Industry Association of America has filed thousands of lawsuits against individuals for trading music recordings over the Internet without making payments to recording companies. The latest round of suits includes people connected ..."
Three German citizens and an American have agreed to serve jail time as part of an investigation into price fixing in the computer memory market.
"LONDON (Dow Jones)--Dubai has started roadshows for a dollar-denominated, five-year, floating-rate sukuk note issue, IFR Credit reported Monday."
"AP - When he steps up to accept his party's nomination for a second time, President Bush will present the record of not one but two presidencies: one before and another after Sept. 11, 2001."
"Six days before receiving a court ruling in the Oracle case, PeopleSoft sped up the vesting terms for its workers' 2004 merit options."
Rocket plane SpaceShipOne is to attempt a second space flight on Monday in a bid to clinch the \$10m Ansari X-Prize. Judges officially confirmed that pilot Mike Melvill took the craft to 103km (64 miles) on Wednesday #39;s first flight.
" quot;Burt Rutan and Paul Allen and the rest of the team are great examples of the kind of determination and creativity that is helping America achieve its exploration goals, quot; Administrator O #39;Keefe said."
"HO CHI MINH CITY, Vietnam -- United Airlines became the first US carrier to fly to Vietnam since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, marking a new milestone in relations between the former enemies as dignitaries on board were greeted at the airport with lotus blossoms and silk lanterns."
"WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration plans to ask for between \$80 billion and \$100 billion to fund military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan next year, rather than the \$70 billion to \$75 billion the White House privately told members of Congress before the election, according to Pentagon and White House officials."
"PHILADELPHIA -- Rattled, hurried and battered for 2 1/2 quarters, Donovan McNabb kept his poise, stayed in the pocket and picked apart Washington's secondary."
A proposal to create a senior-level cyber security position at the Department of Homeland Security is killed at the eleventh hour.
Developer Donald J. Chiofaro will hang onto partial ownership of the two International Place office towers under an agreement reached yesterday in his high-profile bankruptcy case.
"Hours after a high-profile prisoner swap Sunday, the families of six Egyptian students released from an Israeli prison waited anxiously for their return, denying that their children had done anything illegal."
"ATA, the biggest airline at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday and said it will unload its Midway hub to AirTran Airways."
"Reuters - The Russia government has offered a  #36;10\million reward for information to help it hunt down Chechen\rebel leaders Shamil Basayev and Aslan Maskhadov, accused by\Moscow of being behind last week's school siege, news agencies\reported on Wednesday."
"Hynix is bracing itself for fines, and worse, after Korean regulators found it guilty of a \$1.75bn accounting fraud. The Financial Supervisory Service (FSS) says the memory chip overstated results for 1999."
Albert Pujols hit a tie-breaking three-run home run as the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-2 to reach the National League Championship Series for the second time in three years.
"ABIDJAN (AFP) - South African President Thabo Mbeki was to meet his Ivory Coast counterpart Laurent Gbagbo, hoping to ease tensions after a weekend of violence that has evoked fears of a return to the conflict that has split the west African state for two "
SEC asks the conglomerate for information about participation in the defunct UN program in Iraq. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tyco International said the Securities and Exchange Commission asked it for information 
" quot;The achievement extends Intel #39;s effort to drive the development of new manufacturing process technology every two years, in accordance with Moore #39;s Law, quot; Intel said in a statement."
"ESPN-Star Sports, who lost the bid to telecast international cricket played in India over the next four years, have challenged the Indian board #39;s decision to award the rights to Zee Network in the Mumbai High Court."
"Yahoo Mobile can obtain localized search results, make calls from the results page, and obtain images. Shortcuts offer quick access to information, such as weather, stock quotes, sport scores and flight information."
"A suicide car bomber killed seven people at a Green Zone checkpoint early Tuesday. Meanwhile, trials against the top figures in Saddam Hussein #39;s ousted regime will begin "
"CHICAGO, Oct 27 (AFP) - Aviation and defense giant Boeing said Wednesday its third-quarter profit shot up 78 percent from a year ago to 456 million dollars and gave an upbeat forecast for the rest of 2004 and into 2005."
"OAKVILLE, Ont. (CP) - Vijay Singh made history at Glen Abbey on Friday, shooting 28 on the front nine to post the lowest nine-hole score in the 100-year-old history of the Bell Canadian Open."
One of India #39;s leading telecommunications providers will use Cisco Systems #39; gear to build its new Ethernet-based broadband network.
 TORONTO (Reuters) - A Russian team moved by tragedy could  not beat an inspired Martin Brodeur as Canada claimed a 3-1 win  over their rivals on Saturday to finish unbeaten in round-robin  play at the World Cup of Hockey.
"&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Jude Webber&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peru on Monday appointed a top legalofficial to bolster the government's side in terrorism casesafter Shining Path leader Abimael Guzman made a mockery of aretrial last week in a publicity coup for the Marxist group.&lt;/p&gt;"
"AP - Although the spotlight was on Eli Manning, Jake Delhomme shone the brightest."
The French Institute of Public Opinion (IFOP) announced that the majority of the public in France and Germany were definitely against Turkey #39;s European Union (EU) membership.
New Web services technologies announced Monday will help developers build money-making applications and use existing mainframe technology to create and deploy new Web services.
"SAN JOSE, California (AP)--On the cusp of its voyage into public trading, Google #39;s initial stock price was set at \$85 and its market value calculated at \$23 billion--less than originally expected, but still impressive for a 6-year-old dot-com ..."
A cracked rock called Escher is helping NASA scientists reconstruct the history of water on Mars. They say that the crater currently being explored by the Opportunity rover may have been shaped by a second 
"TOKYO - Japan will try to confirm what UN Secretary General Kofi Annan meant by reportedly saying the US-led invasion of Iraq was an illegal act, top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said Thursday."
"Browns running back Lee Suggs did not practice yesterday, leaving him doubtful for tomorrow's season opener against the Baltimore Ravens in Cleveland."
"GONAIVES, Haiti -- The death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne shot up to an estimated 1,500 yesterday with 900 Haitians still missing as a thunderstorm drenched the homeless who are living on rooftops and sidewalks."
"AP - Carlos Zambrano felt so comfortable on the mound, he was convinced he was unhittable."
"Pitching, as usual, will play a critical role in these playoffs, positively and negatively."
"AFP - When Tony Cooper and Lisa Kingscott left their four-seater light plane parked in a field to have lunch with friends nearby, they paid little attention to the cows quietly grazing nearby."
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Sunday the United States and its allies were locked in a test of wills with insurgents in Iraq and must overcome the  quot;pain and ugliness quot; of the conflict.
"WASHINGTON - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using P-to-P (peer-to-peer) services, with the total number of lawsuits filed since September 2003 now reaching more than 5,500."
"THE Iraqi militants who murdered Kenneth Bigley delivered a final affront to his memory yesterday, when they released a videotape of him appealing to the Prime Minister for help moments before he was decapitated."
"Nokia #39;s N-Gage QD addresses many of its predecessor #39;s problems, but it #39;s still a big phone. Nokia #39;s N-Gage gaming cell phone was the Gigli of the tech world when it first came out last year."
"Lehmann, who was at fault in two matches in the tournament last season, was blundering again with the German set to take the rap for both Greek goals."
"Hammer gold medallist Adrian Annus will return to Athens to testify before an International Olympic Committee disciplinary hearing tomorrow, according to a Hungarian official."
A new study finds little evidence that commercial weight-loss programs help people drop excess pounds.
"A bird #39;s eye view of the circuit at Shanghai shows what an event Sunday #39;s Chinese Grand Prix will be. The course is arguably one of the best there is, and so it should be considering the amount of money that has been spent on it."
"Scientists are beginning efforts to retrieve solar atoms from the crashed Genesis space capsule, a day after it plunged to earth and slammed into the Utah desert."
"For Tricia Alley, the dilemma was both ecclesiastical and logistical. In short, how to fit in her weekly obligation to the Roman Catholic church so as not to conflict with her weekly avocation -- NASCAR. Living in the Seattle area, that was a tough call, given the races are aired Sunday mornings and last longer than even the most protracted ..."
"(Sports Network) - The New York Yankees can clinch a playoff berth tonight, and they can do it with a pitcher who is still unbeaten this year."
"A homeless teenager who hid in the landing gear of a passenger plane survived a 700-kilometre flight across south-western China but his companion fell and probably died, state media reported on Friday."
THIS was not the plan Sir Alex Ferguson had in mind for suppressing Wayne Rooney fever. The Manchester United boss has no doubt been wincing at the Rooney hysteria following his sensational debut hat-trick against Fenerbahce.
"BERKELEY, California (Ticker) -- Behind the running by JJ Arrington and the arm of quarterback Aaron Rodgers, No. 13 California recorded another convincing victory."
"GROZNY, Russia - The Russian government's choice for president of war-ravaged Chechnya appeared to be the victor Sunday in an election tainted by charges of fraud and shadowed by last week's terrorist destruction of two airliners.    Little more than two hours after polls closed, acting Chechen president Sergei Abramov said preliminary results showed Maj..."
"Reuters - A U.S. bankruptcy court judge on Friday\approved a 30-day exclusivity extension for United Airlines,\giving the carrier another month to file its own reorganization\plan without competing plans from creditors."
"Four Infineon (Quote, Chart) executives agreed to plead guilty to charges they conspired to fix prices in the computer memory sector, officials said Thursday."
"Corporate rescue firm Stephen Forbes Cooper LLC applied to a Manhattan bankruptcy court today for the ""success fee"" as payment for guiding Enron through the Chapter 11 process."
"Visteon Corp., the second-biggest US maker of auto parts, is offering buyouts of as much as a year #39;s pay to US salaried workers to help cut costs."
"Retail sales rose 0.1pc in November, for the third straight monthly increase. Auto sales declined 1.3pc in the month, after falling 0.5pc in the previous month."
US Airways Group Inc. attorneys and executives acknowledged in bankruptcy court Thursday that bookings had fallen more steeply than they had anticipated in reaction to their Chapter 11 filing last month.
"As Indy car seasons go, it was not a great one for legendary car owner Roger Penske. So the Penske people whooped it up big time on Sunday when two-time Indianapolis 500 "
"washingtonpost.com - If you're an avid instant messenger, you probably know what I mean: ""Instant messaging doesn't work for me, does it work for you?"" Yet I appear to be on the way to becoming a minority, a fuddy-dud resisting the text-chat party. Instant messaging, or IM, is catching on with adults in a big way as it moves rapidly into the workplace, according to recent surveys. In fact, analysts predict IM soon will overtake e-mail as the No. 1 form of electronic communication."
"(Sports Network) - The Montreal Expos will get their chance to climb out of the cellar in the National League East this week, as they begin a three-game series against the New York Mets Tuesday at Olympic Stadium."
"The head of Lazard LLC is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as the investment bank readies for an initial public offering, according to a report published Friday."
"Reuters - The world's first privately\funded manned spacecraft soared to the blackened frontiers of\space for the second time in a week on Monday, setting a new\altitude record and clinching a  #36;10 million prize designed to\spur commercial space travel"
"Iphtashu Fitz writes  quot;CNet News is reporting that 4 major internet providers - AOL, Earthlink, Microsoft, and Yahoo, have filed another bunch of lawsuits against spammers."
"JERUSALEM Almost at the very moment that the Jordanian helicopter took off, lifting Yasser Arafat away from his prolonged siege in Ramallah, the heavens opened with a downpour."
"Reuters - The Arizona Diamondbacks have\fired newly-hired manager Wally Backman and are expected to\replace him with Bob Melvin, according to a published report."
"(Nairobi, November 18, 2004) - The impunity enjoyed by the Sudanese authorities in their ongoing atrocities in Darfur demonstrates why the near-final peace deal to end the country #39;s North-South conflict must include accountability for human rights abuses "
"AFP - Internet search engine Google Inc said its net profit and sales more than doubled in the third quarter, spurring a spectacular jump in its share price."
"For almost seven days, they drifted off the Cornish coast in a tiny inflatable raft, at the mercy of rough seas, battered by huge waves and high winds."
"World number six gold miner Harmony Gold on Monday announced that it had secured 10.8 percent of shares in world number four gold miner Gold Fields as a result of its early settlement offer, which closed at 12h00 on Friday."
"Oracle Corp. has again extended its \$7.7 billion cash offer for PeopleSoft Inc. by two weeks. Shareholders now have until Oct. 22 to tender their shares, Oracle said Thursday."
"Some massive defensive linemen are the antithesis of the slimmer, more mobile linemen made famous by the Tampa Bay defense and personified by Warren Sapp."
"US stocks gained on optimism the US presidential election will produce a clear winner, acting as the catalyst to lift share prices the rest of the year."
"UC Berkeley, hoping to wean students away from free file-sharing programs like Kazaa, will offer subscriptions to a licensed online music service for \$2 per month starting this school year."
"Russia is calling for a crackdown on terrorists who seek political asylum to avoid prosecution, including the speedy extradition of terror suspects."
"The US Supreme Court, as expected, let stand a ruling against Visa and MasterCard for anti-competitive practices on Monday, handing a victory to their arch-rival American Express."
" CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan prosecutor  probing a 2002 coup against President Hugo Chavez was killed by  a car bomb that the government blamed on Friday on radical  opponents it said were training in the United States."
"In a matter of 11 days, they turned the baseball world upside down. The Boston Red Sox, a franchise that had cornered the market on hardball heartache, that had shed too many tears and endured too many disappointments, vowed this time to alter history."
"TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - The Florida Supreme Court on Thursday struck down a law that was rushed through the Legislature last fall to keep a severely brain-damaged woman hooked up to a feeding tube against her husband's wishes..."
"THEY are the men who keep counter-terrorism experts awake at night, only too aware that a strike is being plotted even as you read this report."
RBI deputy governor on Tuesday said the increase in the overnight repo rate was a short-term signal aimed at tackling price stability.
"NEW YORK - Should Merck have conducted a bigger trial to test the safety of its arthritis drug Vioxx? Merck (nyse: MRK - news - people ) pulled Vioxx from the market two weeks ago, but questions about the "
Description: Guerillas dressed as policemen ambush and kill about 50 newly trained Iraqi soldiers in a remote eastern region of Iraq.
"AP - President Bush raised a total of  #36;260 million for the primary-election phase of his campaign, taking in  #36;18 million last month alone before accepting full government financing for the race's final two months."
A British hostage appeared on a video posted on an Islamic Web site Wednesday weeping and pleading for his life as Iraq #39;s leader and US 
Red Hat is warning users that an email purporting to be a security update may contain malicious code. The email - which began appearing last Friday - uses a securityredhat.
"Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) warned Asian governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows software."
AP - The Detroit Tigers optioned reliever Roberto Novoa to Double-A Erie and called up relief pitcher Craig Dingman from Triple-A Toledo.
"AMD formally welcomed its Athlon 64 processor family into the world of PCI Express, touting the availability of chipsets that support the new add-in card format."
The European Union has asked the World Trade Organization (WTO) to order the United States and Canada to lift sanctions on EU exports because of EU #39;s ban on hormone beef.
IBM/Lotus is stepping up efforts to reassure users that its Notes/Domino collaboration platform isn't on the chopping block and will survive well into the future.
"Just days after the Washington rumor mill had John Snow leaving his job as Treasury secretary, President Bush yesterday said Snow was staying on."
"As Apple Computer #39;s IPod has become a cultural phenomenon akin to Sony #39;s Walkman, the market for IPod accessories has exploded--some of the biggest names in computer and home audio have responded with speaker systems specifically made for the IPod (and "
"Nairobi - Kenya #39;s government had missed its best chance to stamp out rampant corruption and faced a tough task to regain credibility, Transparency International said yesterday on International Anti-corruption Day."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shipments of personal computers  this year will be higher than previously anticipated, boosted  by the strongest demand from businesses in five years, research  firm IDC said on Monday."
"Hard-serving Swede Joachim Johansson thumped Chilean Adrian Garcia 6-4 6-2 to reach the second round of the 650,000 euros Stockholm Open tennis tournament on Tuesday."
"PARIS, Aug 31 (AFP) - Apple Computer launched here Tuesday the newest version of its iMac model, which at two inches (five centimeters) is the world #39;s thinnest desktop computer, the company said."
"With their eyes set squarely on the prize, there was no indication from the Red Sox yesterday that they were leading the 100th World Series, 2-0, needing only "
The Apache Software Foundation and the Debian Project said they won't support the Sender ID e-mail authentication standard in their products.
"After losing nearly 200,000 jobs since 2000, new economic report suggest that Ohio  #39;s manufacturing sector may be starting to stabilize."
Shares of Google rose 8.7 percent in the second trading session after the company said third-quarter profit more than doubled. The shares rose \$14.
"PHNOM PENH, Cambodia -- Cambodia is preparing to crown its first new king in decades later Friday, amid an array of official celebrations."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Catching Blondie's reunion tour  broadcast at 4 a.m. wasn't an option for XM satellite radio  subscriber and single father Scott MacLean.
"Greek and British police in a joint operation cracked an illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated software programs, Greek police said on Friday."
Michael Owen was stunned when Jose Antonio Camacho quit as Real Madrid boss three games into the season.  quot;There #39;s no doubt this has come as a shock.
"With the regular season less than a week away, coach Doc Rivers and the players agree a lot of work remains, so the Celtics may practice twice today."
"Reuters - Natural disasters killed 76,806 people\in 2003, three times the number of victims in 2002, a rise due\in part to extremes in the global climate, the world's largest\humanitarian body said on Thursday."
"A union representing about 700 textile workers at Malden Mills Industries Inc. voted to accept a contract offer, averting a possible strike. Paul Coorey, president of the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees Union, Local 311, said workers voted 301-136 to accept a three-year pact that included annual wage increases of 2 percent, 2 percent, and 3 percent. But ..."
"LAS VEGAS  Bernard Hopkins #39; future seems certain, full of big fights and bigger paydays. The future is less clear for Oscar De La Hoya."
"Fans around FedEx Field are beginning to wonder if Coach Joe Gibbs might yank veteran Mark Brunell, but Gibbs reiterated he has no plans to change quarterbacks."
" BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - Benjamin Raich of  Austria won a men's Alpine ski World Cup slalom race Sunday  with a time of one minute 51.06 seconds, according to  provisional results."
"AP - California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger drew on his childhood in Soviet-occupied Austria to endorse President Bush's war on terror. ""Terrorism is more insidious than communism,"" the bodybuilder-turned-politician said Tuesday in a speech to the Republican convention."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. government review into the  nation's No. 1 mortgage finance company, Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt;,  charges it with inappropriate accounting practices and called  into doubt past financial results, the company's board said on  Wednesday."
"com October 4, 2004, 11:57 AM PT. Twentieth Century Fox has joined a group developing one of two formats being promoted as a next-generation DVD technology."
"MIDDLESBROUGH, Aug 24 (SW) - Michael Reiziger will be sidelined for the coming six to eight weeks. The player dislocated his shoulder a few weeks ago and is unable to play on."
"Fueled by demand in the Asia/Pacific region and Japan, external disk storage systems revenues grew 8 percent year over year to \$3."
"ZHENGZHOU, China, November 1 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Ethnic clashes between the Muslim Hui minority and the Han majority in central China #39;s Henan province left several Muslims killed and many others wounded, prompting local authorities to "
"PANAMA CITY, Panama -- When US National Team assistant coach Curt Onalfo visited Panama back in July on a scouting trip, he didn #39;t know what he was going to encounter."
"Gordon Brown has not yet done enough to reduce the UK #39;s budget deficit, the International Monetary Fund said yesterday, before demanding that he explain whether "
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Designer cartography from The Rockall Times
WASHINGTON--Cynics might say Major League Baseball used competition from Northern Virginia to pry the District of Columbia #39;s pocketbook wide open for a new ballpark for the relocated Montreal Expos.
OPEC members were divided yesterday on whether their output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause oil prices to drop.
The rocket attack temporarily overshadowed a pledge by a top aide to Moktada al-Sadr to disarm his militia.
Delta Air Lines Inc. hit a selfimposed deadline Tuesday for some of its debtholders to respond early to an exchange offer meant to give the carrier breathing room as it seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
"Matt Light was a good old country boy. Now he's a rich, good old country boy."
"After spending several years in a protracted death spiral, Commerce One Inc. is finally on the verge of ending its misery by running out of cash. The San Francisco software maker laid off most of its staff this week and said in a Friday regulatory filing that it is down to its last \$300,000 in operating cash."
"Israeli helicopters have launched fresh missile strikes on the Gaza Strip, killing two Palestinians and wounding four others. Witnesses said an Israeli helicopter fired a missile into the Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza killing the two."
Greater protection to great white sharks and other big fish are among successes to emerge from the world species summit.
"Scott Woodward may be the best quarterback you've never heard of. The senior signal-caller for Mahar Regional has put up huge numbers over the past two years, but none were more impressive or important than the ones he had yesterday."
"The UK must force people to work until age 70 or pay 57 billion pounds (\$102 billion) a year more in taxes to maintain income for retirees, a study commissioned by Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government showed."
"AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell pressed North Korea on Sunday to return to nuclear disarmament talks even as he branded the communist country a ""terrorist state"" that has ""no respect for human rights."""
A recording-industry trade group said Thursday it had filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over Internet  quot;peer to peer quot; networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
washingtonpost.com - A Bethesda company owned by Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. is the subject of a European Union investigation  into whether the company's software will give the two media giants a monopoly in copyright protection.
"The company that broadcast the moon landings in 1969 and kept the  quot;Hotline quot; open between the White House and the Kremlin during the Seventies has been sold for \$5bn (2.7bn), including \$2bn of debt, to a private equity ..."
"If you're planning a spring or summer wedding, you're probably sweating the details now."
"No matter what one thinks of Microsoft Corp., the company's reach is so expansive that it nearly always makes news, even when there's little or no media attention at the time. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Jonathan Krim&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;"
"In his debut for Manchester United on Tuesday, the 18-year-old England striker scored three goals as United thrashed Turkey #39;s Fenerbahce 6-2 in the second rotation of the Champions League."
"A nonpartisan group that includes advocates for business, labor, consumers, and the environment gave a significant nudge this week to the effort to craft a national energy policy."
"The fight started at school, when some eighth-grade girls stole a pencil case filled with makeup that belonged to a new classmate, Amanda Marcuson, and she reported them."
"AdWeek.com - Euro RSCG 4D executive creative director Arthur Ceria is joining OgilvyOne's San Francisco office, which opened last Tuesday to service the Yahoo! online advertising account, a new assignment, the agency said."
"AP - A big explosion badly damaged a house in downtown Kabul Sunday, killing at least one man. The building was in flames."
"A concessionary agreement struck late Thursday with a union representing nearly 6,000 US Airways customer service workers appears far less onerous than what the airline "
Cofounder reflects on company's first ten years at Web 2.0 Conference.
 AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter  Balkenende visited a mosque on Sunday and urged dialogue among  different communities in the Netherlands after a wave of  sectarian attacks in a country once known for its tolerance.
"TORONTO - Jay Triano was fired as coach of the Canadian national team Tuesday, a move Triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job."
"Hamas militants say there will be no let-up in efforts to fire missiles at Israel, despite a major Israeli military operation."
Software developers have made the ISight good for much more than just video chat.
Reuters - Rampant Europe\retained the Ryder Cup after dominating the last-day singles\matches on Sunday to beat the United States by a record 18-1/2\points to 9-1/2.
ISRAEL will ramp up its campaign to assassinate Hamas leaders in response to twin suicide bombings by the militant group that killed 16 people.
"by our Internet desk, 24 August 2004. Japan #39;s Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi says he will press his country #39;s case for a permanent UN Security Council seat when he addresses the annual session of the General Assembly next month."
"A high-profile government crackdown on Internet cafes in China resulted in the temporary closure of 18,000 Internet cafes between February and August, but few cafes were closed permanently, according to the official Xinhua news agency."
"CHICAGO Sept. 17, 2004 - Struggling to put together a new bankruptcy exit plan, United Airlines said Friday it is in talks with its unions about the need for an additional \$500 million in cost cuts."
"A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in August for a third consecutive month, reflecting an uncertain climate for both businesses and consumers."
"Computer Associates International, Inc. (NYSE:CA) today announced general availability of Ingres r3 for Linux and Windows under the CA Trusted Open Source License (CATOSL)."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries rallied early Monday,  compressing yields to their lowest levels in nearly seven  months, as record high crude oil prices pressured equities and  threatened to be a drag on world economic growth."
"AFP - The Bank of England's nine-member monetary policy committee voted unanimously to raise interest rates by 25 basis points to 4.75 percent earlier this month, official records showed."
"Hollinger International Inc. (HLR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday that it received cash proceeds of about \$49.1 million on a transaction with CanWest Global Communications Corp."
"WASHINGTON - A federal judge held five reporters in contempt Wednesday for refusing to identify their sources for stories about Wen Ho Lee, a former nuclear weapons scientist once suspected of spying.    U.S..."
"The music business has been aggressive in fighting peer-to-peer file sharing over the Internet, but most musicians do not think illegal file sharing hurts them, according to a recent survey."
Yahoo is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google and stay a step ahead of Microsoft in the battle to help users sort through gobs of information on the internet and the desktop.
"British insurer Royal  amp; SunAlliance said Monday it plans to transfer more than 1,100 jobs to India over the next few years in a bid to cut costs."
"Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. posted fourth-quarter profit Wednesday that trounced Wall Street forecasts due to an unexpected revival of its investment banking business, a signal that could bode well for some of its rivals."
"Robert Mondavi Corporation has laid off 360 Napa Valley employees, about a third of the company #39;s total workforce. Most of the layoffs are centered at the company #39;s flagship winery in Oakville "
"Now that he has decided to stay with the New Jersey Nets, Rod Thorn must make a decision on whether all-star guard Jason Kidd should go."
Nasa #39;s fastest-swivelling space probe ever built -- Swift -- roared into the orbit aiming to explore the violent celestial explosions which may bestow black holes the birth cries.
"Los Angeles Times - PARIS  #8212; Muslim women in head scarves, journalists in jeans and senators draped in tricolored sashes rallied here Monday in support of two French hostages held in Iraq by kidnappers demanding that France repeal a new ban on the Islamic head scarf in public schools."
"AP - Archie Griffin wouldn't mind sharing his claim to fame. The former Ohio State tailback is the only player to win two Heisman trophies, receiving his second in 1975."
"A federal jury Monday ruled in favor of World Trade Center (WTC) leaseholder Larry Silverstein inthe second phase of his insurance trial, deciding that the two hijacked planes "
Microsoft will let governments access the computer code behind its Office software as part of a broader campaign to provide alternatives to open-source applications.
"Kudos to Red Wings winger Brendan Shanahan for reaching into his own pocket last week to bring in a bunch of his pals for a hockey summit in Toronto. Finally, a member of the rank and file emerges as the conscience of the game, and at a time when the NHL product desperately needs propping up in the  quot;E quot; (for ..."
"AFP - Informal six-nation talks on North Korea's nuclear program may take place in mid-December in Beijing, South Korea's state-run KBS television network reported."
"AP - A documentary critical of John Kerry's Vietnam-era anti-war activities will be shown only in part during a program examining the use of such documentaries to influence elections, Sinclair Broadcast said Tuesday."
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Amanda Beard credited her new-found  maturity for ending an eight-year wait for a second Olympic  gold medal in Athens Thursday.
"By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO    NEW YORK (AP) -- Sears, Roebuck and Co., which has successfully sold its tools and appliances on the Web, is counting on having the same magic with bedspreads and sweaters, thanks in part to expertise gained by its purchase of Lands' End Inc.    The company's venture into online sales of home furnishings and apparel, which officially launches Monday, may be considered late..."
"InfoWorld - MySQL this week made available three new consulting packages that aim to help IT departments quickly design and implement open source database systems. The packages feature MySQL-certified senior consultants who work at customer sites for short-term engagements and provide in-depth application analysis as well as recommendations on application design, performance optimization, and help with migrating legacy databases to MySQL. The packages are MySQL Architecture  amp; Design, which offers two days consulting for  #36;5,000; MySQL Performance Tuning  amp; Optimization, which provides three days for  #36;7,500; and MySQL Migration Jumpstart, which includes five days consulting for  #36;10,000. MySQL also provides longer-term, customized consulting services. For more information visit www.mysql.com/consulting."
MILAN September 15 (SW) - Werder Bremens Valerian Ismael earned himself an unenviable place in Champions League record books after only five minutes of his teams 2-0 defeat at Inter when the French defender became the recipient of the fastest 
Security company Internet Security Systems Inc. (ISS) is warning its customers about a critical security hole in a commonly used technology from the Mozilla Foundation called the Netscape Network Security Services (NSS) library that could make Web servers vulnerable to remote attack.
AP - The Chicago Blackhawks re-signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract Wednesday.
"World News: Washington, Nov 17 : A Former Boeing Chief Financial Officer (CFO) has pleaded guilty to illegally negotiating an executive job for an Air Force #39;s acquistion official while she still had authority over billions of dollars in Boeing contract "
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices eased on Friday  as a startling jump in U.S. retail sales sparked concerns the  Federal Reserve would continue to raise interest rates steadily  into next year.
"An approaching hurricane failed to faze the Tennessee Titans, and the Miami Dolphins #39; offense didn #39;t give them much trouble, either."
A man holding hostages on a bus in Athens threatens to blow it up if a ransom is not paid in the morning.
Deportivo La Coruna coach Javier Irureta is rarely a picture of relaxation but he was tense even by his own standards ahead of his team #39;s Champions League clash with Liverpool on Wednesday.
Federal Labor leader Mark Latham will leave hospital on Saturday at midday after being given the all-clear by doctors. 
"MicroStrategy Inc.'s share price  soared 31 percent yesterday, the day after the McLean software company posted better-than-expected third-quarter earnings."
"MPs say Zimbabwe will run out of food before next year's harvest, despite government assurances."
"Over the weekend, the US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan hinted at the maintenance of weak dollar policy (in Germany) while President Bush said he is committed to a strong dollar (in Chile)."
Sectors of the Internet world are still buzzing over the release of a Microsoft patent application that appears to claim rights to the underlying method proposed by companies to better determine 
"AFP - US President George W. Bush will defeat his Democratic rival, John Kerry, in the November 2 election because he is leading in the polls in the key US swing states, the president's top political adviser said in an interview."
" FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes killed a family of  six in raids against rebels led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab  al-Zarqawi, while a top international aid agency suspended Iraq  operations Wednesday after its manager was kidnapped."
"AP - A boat capsized in heavy winds on a river in northern Vietnam, killing 16 people, an official said Saturday."
"If you're tired of all those candidate polls after the long election season, you aren't alone. So are the pollsters."
"PARIS, Nov 24 (AFP) - France #39;s military intervention in Ivory Coast was a mistake, Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi said Wednesday in an interview published ahead of President Jacques Chirac #39;s visit to Tripoli."
"Moscow: Russian President Vladimir Putin has cast doubts over the viability of holding free and fair elections in Iraq, saying he  quot;cannot imagine quot; how an occupied country can go through a meaningful electoral exercise."
"The FBI has begun investigating whether the Pentagon improperly awarded no-bid contracts to Halliburton Co., seeking an interview with a top Army contracting officer and collecting documents from several government offices."
"The Labor Department said Friday that U.S. employers added 112,000 new jobs overall in November as the unemployment rate dropped to 5.4 percent."
"AFP - Best-selling Australian author Colleen McCullough has backed the Pitcairn Islanders convicted recently of raping teenage girls, arguing they were merely following the customs of the island community, it was reported here."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - A contractor who left Charlotte to work in Iraq is feared to be in the hands of insurgents. Dean Sadek lived on Hanna Court near Sharon Amity Road in east Charlotte before he moved overseas "
"Boston Red Sox slugger David Ortiz, right, and Manny Ramirez watch a fly ball hit by Ramirez during batting practice for the upcoming American League Championship Series, Monday, Oct. 11, 2004 at Yankee Stadium in New York."
RUPERT Murdoch has to win four key votes to shift The News Corporation Ltd to New York and into the S amp;P 500 share index. The votes of the Australian institutions - where the greatest opposition to the move resides - are critical in only one of the four.
"CHARLOTTE  The kids certainly were having fun, but for the Heat this hardly was child #39;s play. In front of a energetic, student-only crowd of about 13,000 middle-schoolers, the Heat received "
AFP - Outspoken US filmmaker Michael Moore urged despondent Democrats not to  quot;slit their wrists quot; over the outcome of the US election that gave President George W. Bush another four-year term.
"New search engine Accoona launched with great fanfare last night, but hold the applause. It's a promising start, but testing shows Accoona isn't yet ready to play ball in the big leagues. "
"SAN DIEGO ---- After Sunday #39;s loss to the Falcons in Atlanta, the Chargers faced an emergency situation in their thinned-out receiving corps."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures pointed to a lower  market open on Thursday, weighed down by rising oil prices and  a crop of warnings in the chip sector."
 LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar sank to a new lifetime low  against the euro on Tuesday after a warning by European  officials on the euro's rise went unheeded by investors  determined to dump the U.S. currency.
"BEIJING - Chinese researchers have made the first-ever discovery of a lethal strain of bird flu in pigs, sparking concerns that the virus may mutate into an even deadlier strain and cause a new epidemic in Asia. "
"Hundreds gathered in Birmingham yesterday to mark the 30th anniversary of one of Britain #39;s most gruesome terrorist attacks, the bombing of two city centre pubs which killed 21 and seriously injured 160."
"Tyler Hamilton will keep his title as an Olympics cycling champion, but he faces an uphill climb to restore his reputation and avoid a ban from his sport."
"The Somali parliament on Saturday passed a no-confidence motion against the newly-appointed prime minister and his cabinet, according to an informed senior Somali official in Nairobi."
"HARRISBURG, Penn. - A former Rite Aid Corp. vice chairman was sentenced on Thursday to 10 years in prison for his part in an accounting scandal that brought the US drug store chain near bankruptcy."
"American Tiger Woods has won the annual exhibition golf tournament he hosts, posting a two-stroke victory over Padraig Harrington of Ireland at the Target World Challenge in Thousand Oaks, California."
 quot;I commend the National Academy of Sciences on this outstanding report. I fought to add \$300 million to NASA #39;s budget for a Hubble servicing mission and I will continue to advocate for a mission to take place.
"China #39;s biggest computer maker said it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure that comes amid reports it might buy IBM #39;s personal computer business."
"MetLife Inc., one of the nation #39;s largest insurers, said Friday that one of its subsidiaries has received a notice that the Securities and Exchange Commission is considering civil charges against the unit."
"PARIS : The Paris appeals court issued a warrant for the arrest of Cesare Battisti, an Italian ex-revolutionary fighting extradition from France to face jail for murder who missed a recent check-in with police."
"Just when it looked like this World Cup of Hockey might be bereft of any entertainment value whatsoever, a terrific game broke out last night at the Air Canada Centre."
" BAGRAM AIR BASE, Afghanistan (Reuters) - U.S. forces and  their allies in Afghanistan remembered the third anniversary of  the Sept. 11 attacks in somber fashion Saturday, conscious that  the war on terror will be a long one."
"SiliconValley.com - Two weeks ago Monday was a lousy day for Julianne Biagini, chief financial officer of a Sunnyvale wireless company."
"Shares of Protein Design Labs Inc (PDLI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose on Thursday after Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG (ROG."
The US House of Representatives passed a bill this week that could allow criminal charges to be brought against individuals who use file-swapping Web sites or networks.
"ATHENS, Greece -- Alan Shearer converted an 87th-minute penalty to give Newcastle a 1-0 win over Panionios in their UEFA Cup Group D match."
"Millions of Muslims prayed together for peace and harmony on a riverbank near the Bangladeshi capital on Sunday, concluding an annual assembly that is considered one of the world #39;s largest Islamic gatherings."
Sprint #39;s acquisition of Nextel Communications is fueling speculation of more deals to come in a telecommunications industry roiled by intense competition and rapid technological change.
"There were no judges, and there was no pressure. Best of all, there was no Olympic-sized controversy at MCI Center on Thursday as the stars of the U.S. gymnastics team tumbled, twirled and gyrated."
The New England Patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 20 games on Sunday and tied another NFL record in the process in their 30-20 win over the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette Stadium.
Shares in Air New Zealand were placed in a trading halt before the New Zealand Stock Exchange opened this morning. Air NZ requested its shares be placed on the halt before a High Court announcement on the 
"NEW YORK - Martha Stewart still does not know where she will do her time for lying about a stock sale, but she #39;s already been designated federal inmate No."
Reuters - Score one for the faceless functionary\on the other end of the telephone line.
Titleholder Ernie Els moved within sight of a record sixth World Match Play title on Saturday by solving a putting problem to overcome injured Irishman Padraig Harrington 5 and 4.
"At a press conference during his recent visit to Tehran, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Russia does not support the idea of referring Tehran #39;s nuclear case to the United "
"After its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual-core future."
roundup The firm makes over its Pentium 4 Extreme Edition and gets ready to unveil a new top-of-the-line Itanium 2 for servers.\&lt;br /&gt;\ Photo: Dell's 'Extreme' machine\
"Thanks to Claudia Rosett, an enterprising reporter writing in The New York Sun, the world now knows that some information put out by Secretary General Kofi Annan about his son #39;s involvement with a Swiss inspection company at the heart of the UN oil-for "
Reuters - Thousands of cyclists snarled traffic\in New York on Friday night and police said they arrested more\than 250 people and confiscated their bicycles in the first\significant protest against President Bush before the\Republican convention.
"ONCE AGAIN a Bush administration scientific report blames emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases for global warming, and once again the reaction of the Bush White House is to say the evidence does not warrant action."
"AP - Ernie Els was intrigued when he saw the cover of the book, showing Annika Sorenstam looming large with a club over her shoulder and a smile on her face."
Nathan Robertson and Gail Emms reach the final of the badminton mixed doubles.
"OTTAWA (CP) - A robust housing market and higher prices for building materials, labour and land pushed up prices for new houses across the country in August, says Statistics Canada."
RESCUERS in the Philippines yesterday pulled at least four survivors from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago. The miraculous tale of survival came as officials 
"LONDON -- Arsenal extended its record unbeaten run with a 4-1 win at Norwich City and Chelsea topped Southampton 2-1 Saturday, but Manchester United needed a stoppage-time equalizer to draw 1-1 with 10-man Blackburn Rovers."
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing  gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan  of China 15-9 in the inaugural Olympic women's sabre final on  Tuesday.
"TEHRAN, Aug 29: Iran and Iraq want to bury the past and start a new era of neighbourly relations, visiting Iraqi interim Deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih said here on Sunday."
Manchester United is to ask the Takeover Panel to clarify the company #39;s position regarding a potential takeover approach by US tycoon Malcolm Glazer.
"The executive who leads Microsoft #39;s government sales effort is leaving to become CEO of a telecommunications company, the software maker said on Tuesday."
"PITCAIRN Island mayor Steve Christian will go on trial today accused of leading  quot;the boys quot;, a group of seven men who allegedly spent 30 years sexually abusing underage girls on the tiny Pacific outcrop."
"A rebel leader claimed responsibility for two bombings in India #39;s restive northeastern state of Assam, as authorities tightened security Friday -a day after a string of attacks killed four people and left scores wounded."
"India's Muslim community is growing much faster than other groups, new census figures suggest."
LONDON - The British government and the brother of a British hostage have taken to Arab-language airwaves in an attempt to have him released from his captors in Iraq.
LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Top-ranked Southern California tries to win a school-record 21st straight home game and post a 20th consecutive victory overall when it hosts rival Notre Dame on Saturday.
The initial public offering of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. raised a more than expected \$812 million on Wednesday after the shares of the film producer priced well above expectations.
Privacy advocates say that new passports that carry information about the traveler in a computer chip will be vulnerable to electronic snooping.
"Intel originally announced it had developed chip technology for high-definition big-screen televisions at the annual Consumer Electronics Show in January. It originally expected that it would ship the TV chip by the end of the year, but ..."
Kenyan police seek the extradition of a UK-based evangelist over an alleged child-smuggling ring.
"NewsFactor - In the hype of the CRM boom a few years ago, \sales force automation software seemed largely forgotten. Though not quite a dinosaur, it certainly was not a hot topic."
"King Norodorn Sihanouk, known as much for his colorful personality as his controversial statesmanship, has been synonymous with Cambodia #39;s modern history for six decades."
"Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal is arrested on drunken driving charges Friday, his second DUI arrest in four years."
"GENEVA--The death toll in Sudan's conflict-ravaged Darfur region could rise sixfold by the end of the year--hitting 300,000--because of worsening food shortages among refugees, a senior US aid official said yesterday."
"Oracle Corp. finally scooped up rival PeopleSoft Inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a \$10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry."
"If success is earned by those who work the hardest, then newly crowned world number one Vijay Singh is a shining example. It has been a long, and often grueling, global "
"Lauren, 11, saunters nonchalantly past a Discovery Channel store and a Gymboree clothing store at the mall. Suddenly, the girl #39;s eyes light up and she pulls her mother into an Apple Computer shop."
"NEW YORK, Dec. 9 -- Opponents of creating private accounts under Social Security often argue that the primary beneficiaries would be Wall Street investment firms. Wall Street's main trade group on Thursday said it isn't so."
"Reuters - Brazil's unemployment\rate fell in July for the third straight month to a seven-month\low of 11.2 percent and wages rose, underscoring the\strengthening economy, official data showed on Thursday."
"The European Central Bank leaves eurozone interest rates on hold at 2, and upgrades its economic growth forecasts."
"He saw the looks and he heard the snickers and he guessed that the joke was at his expense. Boxing has never been the subtlest of sports, and Ward has never been the largest of light heavyweights."
AP - The British government announced Thursday it had struck a deal to share counterterrorism technology and information with the United States.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The blue-chip Dow average fell to a  new intraday low for the year on Friday as oil prices climbed  to another record and Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; dragged on  stocks after the software maker's revenue forecast lagged  analysts' expectations."
"Apple is voluntarily recalling certain lithium ion rechargeable batteries that were sold worldwide from January 2004 through August 2004 for use with 15-inch PowerBook G4 (Aluminum) notebook computers. The affected batteries could overheat, posing a fire hazard. Aug 19"
"JIDDA, Saudi Arabia -- The militants stormed into the compound's inner courtyard, firing their guns from behind trees, bursting into offices, and shouting:  quot;Where are the Americans? Where are the Americans? quot;"
Juan Carlos Ferrero #39;s hope of a first ATP title was left in tatters at the China Open on Thursday when the second seed was beaten by Kevin Kim from the United States.
"FRENCH technology group STMicroelectronics (ST) had signed an agreement to create a joint venture in China to develop software for digital TV, the company announced Tuesday."
"The World Trade Organization imposed penalties Friday on US exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully "
"TOKYO Nov 7, 2004 - A magnitude 5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan on Monday, injuring at least eight people, near the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck last month."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell for a  second straight session on Wednesday, pressured by a wave of  profit-taking after repeated failures to break recent lows on  yields."
Petter Solberg was here not just to compete but also to discover the beauty of the terrain. At least this is what he said on Thursday.
The company releases new applications aimed at amateur photographers and video shooters.
"Fresh off striking a conciliatory tone with Novell, Microsoft is now going on the offensive with a program in the US to woo NetWare users to the Windows platform."
PATTANI : Fifty aircraft scattered 120 million paper birds across southern Thailand on Sunday in a peace gesture marred by new killings in the troubled Muslim-majority region.
" quot;Halo 2, quot; which went on sale in November, shattered video game sales records, but does it live up to the hype? Yes. And in spades."
"Reuters - Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt\was taken to hospital late on Tuesday after a car accident,\Belga news agency reported."
"AFP - An Italian aid worker walked free from the southern Philippines jungle, a day after he was abducted by local gunmen, officials said."
French President Jacques Chirac wants to change his country #39;s constitution to allow for a referendum on Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union.
"AP - Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks."
AP - A researcher who turned cataract surgery into a brief outpatient procedure and three scientists who illuminated how some hormones and vitamins act on the body's cells have won prestigious medical awards.
"Olympic 400 meter relay gold medallist Alvin Harrison has accepted a four-year ban for drugs violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on Tuesday."
"AP - Having won more than  #36;2 million each of the last four years, surely Annika Sorenstam could afford to hire someone to paint the inside of her summer home in Lake Tahoe."
"A camera aboard the Cassini spacecraft flying in orbit around Saturn has discovered two of the tiniest moons in the solar system -- one barely 2 miles in diameter and the other only a half-mile larger, astronomers reported Monday. "
"Shares of Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. Inc. (MMC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 6 percent before the bell Friday, extending their slide a day after the insurance broker was targeted in a fraud suit by New York #39;s attorney general."
The Bush administration does not plan to seek immediate sanctions against Tehran even if it succeeds in getting Iran #39;s nuclear program referred 
"Sixteen Maoist rebels were killed in clashes with Nepalese security forces Thursday in the western district of Dailekh, Royal Nepal Army spokesman Deepak Gurung has told CNN."
"AP - Making Michael Vick  #151; one of the NFL's most exciting players  #151; look ordinary for much of the day, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers dominated Atlanta 27-0 Sunday to keep the first-place Falcons from clinching the NFC South championship."
"Telecommunications companies Swisscom AG and Telekom Austria AG are in talks over a possible merger, Swisscom said in a statement late Tuesday. "
Shares in the UK #39;s largest insurance broker Jardine Lloyd Thompson (JLT) have taken a tumble after the firm issued a profits warning.
CAPTAIN Brian Lara and other top West Indies players have ruled themselves out of January #39;s triangular one-day series in Australia because of a contract dispute.
"Like most parking lot attendants, Juan Rodriguez knows how tantalizing and frustrating it can be to drive a luxury car, only to have to surrender it all too quickly for a pair of crumpled dollars."
"When each company in a food chain has an inventory glut, look out below."
"A bomb planted by suspected Pakistani nationalists killed 10 people and injured at least 21 when it exploded near a military truck in the city of Quetta on Friday, officials said."
"Reuters - Sony, the world's largest\consumer-electronics group, is having trouble meeting soaring\demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear\up quickly enough, a senior official said on Friday."
"The human parathyroid gland, which regulates calcium levels, probably evolved from fish gills, say researchers."
Teenager Wayne Rooney has scored twice in the first 28 minutes of his debut for Manchester United in their Champions League Group D match against Fenerbahce of Turkey at Old Trafford.
"DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Mercedes Car Group Thursday warned that operating profit for this year will decline despite a rise in car sales, as it boosts spending to improve product quality."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks extended their gains on  Tuesday as oil prices slipped, easing concerns that energy  costs would hurt corporate profits and helped raise hopes for  improvement in the economy."
"In Giants Coach Tom Coughlin's view, he and Detroit Coach Steve Mariucci's teams are in the same boat; Mariucci has simply been steering his for one season longer."
" OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada may have to toughen up rules on  Internet pharmacies' sales of medicines to the United States,  Industry Minister David Emerson said on Friday, amid public  concerns of shortages or price spikes despite controls."
"Since 1993, Siebel dominated the market for customer service software. In recent years, however, it has stumbled. Can it regain its former glory?"
"Cisco this week launched an upgrade to its CallManager IP PBX platform, broadening its encryption support for IP phones and other VoIP devices, such as VoIP gateways and voicemail servers."
"US investment bank Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. (MER.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced trading in "
"The FCC is set to vote unanimously for a record-setting fine against CBS-owned stations for violating broadcast decency standards with the network's January breast-baring Super Bowl halftime show, though some commissioners are expected to say the fines are not severe enough, FCC sources said. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Ahman Green and Brett Favre once again turned Lambeau Field into a home-field advantage. Green rushed for 163 yards and two touchdowns and Favre threw for two scores as the "
"AP - Last year, Peter Jacobsen was too young to play in the Tradition. This year, he has already won a major on the Champions Tour as he readies for his debut in the tournament he helped bring to his home state."
"Nasa #39;s X-43A, the world #39;s fastest jet, was launched over the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday in an attempt to fly at 10 times the speed of sound, Mach 10."
"Arbitrators have awarded \$75,000 to a longtime WorldCom Inc. employee who argued that bankers contributed to her financial losses by profiting from their relationship with the struggling company and its chief executive at the same time they administered a stock-options program for WorldCom workers. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2""\ color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average rose 0.37 percent  in early trade on Thursday as investors bought exporters such  as Canon Inc. after a fall in oil prices boosted confidence  over the U.S. economy and lifted Wall Street stocks.
AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday on concerns about higher oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
The American and Belgian arms of KPMG International have agreed to pay \$115 million to settle claims of accounting malpractice.
"Russian authorities yesterday claimed \$158m (94m) in back taxes from VimpelCom, the country #39;s second-largest mobile phone company, raising fears of new political interference in business."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday agreed to a  sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker Oracle  Corp., relenting after a bitter, 18-month takeover saga marked  by personal insults, courtroom battles and the ouster of  PeopleSoft's chief executive."
"Talks on buying the portion of the Australia-based subsidiary that it did not already own fell apart over price, says France-based AXA SA."
"Military and rebel commanders in Ivory Coast say war has resumed, after military planes carried out raids on northern rebel positions."
"Arsenal won for the first time in five games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0 in the Premier League."
"THE US will pursue sanctions against Iran if Tehran does not renounce its quest for nuclear weapons, a top US official said today."
" COLLEGE STATION, Texas (Sports Network) - Jason White threw  for 292 yards and five touchdown passes, including a 39-yarder  to Mark Bradley with 6:43 left to play for the tie-breaking  score, as second-ranked Oklahoma pulled out a thrilling 42-35  victory over No. 22 Texas A M in a key Big 12 showdown at Kyle  Field."
"International Game Technology #39;s fourth-quarter profits declined 50 percent, hit by early redemption of senior notes, but the world #39;s largest maker of slot machines and other gambling devices said Tuesday that its annual income set a new record."
Taiwanese firm makes mulitmedia performance a key measure of its upcoming processor.
"IF YOU know of any good value IT sales (auctions, rebates, one-off, clearance, surplus, classified ads) going around in the United Kingdom, France, USA or Singapore, don #39;t hesitate to contact me, at least 24 hours before the sales end."
Russian investigators said Friday that they found traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of the two planes that crashed almost simultaneously earlier this week killing 89 people. It was the strongest indication yet that terrorists were behind the twin tragedies.
Scotland manager Berti Vogts has suffered another setback ahead of the World Cup qualifiers against Norway and Moldova with the news that Steven Pressley has pulled out of the squad.
"BOSTON RED SOX fans are enjoying their best week of the season. While their beloved team swept wild-card rivals Anaheim in a three-game series to establish a nine-game winning streak, the hated New York Yankees endured the heaviest loss in their history."
"BAGHDAD, Iraq - A string of bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as U.S. troops handed out candy Thursday at a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant..."
"Soon Japanese owners of the Nintendo DS (Dual Screen), their latest handheld console, and GameBoy Advance SP will be able to play music and video with a new adaptor on their pocket marvels."
" BOSTON (Reuters) - State Street Corp., the world's biggest  institutional asset manager, on Tuesday said third-quarter  profit fell 12 percent amid lower revenue and higher expenses,  sending its shares tumbling."
"1. The toilets. What is that thing, you say? Well, its not a urinal, but rather what is known in English as a squat-toilet. It might seem hard to believe, but many people in Japan prefer using these floor holes to a standard Western toilet."
PC World - Alternative form of high-speed Internet access makes its way to U.S. homes.
"Forbes.com - Dick Cheney would love our 200 growth companies (see p. 180)--they're small and they are (most of them, anyway) adding to their payrolls. The other day Cheney was singing the praises of small businesses by noting that they create seven of ten jobs in this country. This was by way of justifying tax breaks for the sort of people who own small businesses."
Written by Net 4 Nowt The Internet Services Providers Association (ISPA UK) is highlighting significant fears for its smaller members and broadband Britain following price rises introduced by BT to their IPStream products in order to comply with an 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Zoran Planinic of the New Jersey Nets underwent surgery on his broken left hand Thursday and is sidelined indefinitely.
"Consumer prices rose slightly in August, easing fears that inflation, which surged earlier this year, would rapidly pick up steam."
Mondlane will join in some eight million Mozambicans Wednesday morning to cast a ballot for their future -- a new president will be chosen to lead the country for the next five years.
"Iraq #39;s foreign minister says his country is doing what it can to secure the release of two Americans and a British national taken hostage in Baghdad Thursday, but will not give in to kidnappers #39; demands."
"Cazenove #39;s investment banking unit, which advises nearly half of Britain #39;s leading companies, is to be merged with the rival operation run by JP Morgan, ending 181 years of independence."
" quot;Star Trek quot; star William Shatner and Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Dave Navarro are among thousands who want to fly on Virgin #39;s proposed commercial space flights, company chief Richard Branson said Friday."
"NASA #39;s top administrator Sean O #39;Keefe, who in the past three years has presided over some of the US space agency #39;s greatest failures and accomplishments, submitted his resignation to the White House on Monday, claiming a need to provide his children with "
Mozambique used canoes and helicopters to ferry ballot papers to remote rural districts for Wednesday #39;s election to pick a successor to President Joaquim Chissano who spent 18 years in office.
The Hollywood Entertainment Corp. story took another twist Friday when New York-based investor Carl Icahn announced the purchase of approximately 8.4 percent of the Wilsonville-based company #39;s outstanding stock.
"BOSTON At the First Baptist Church here, a few blocks from Fenway Park at the corner of Commonwealth and Clarendon, the subject for this Sunday #39;s service is:  quot;Why Does God Allow Suffering?"
The new wide area network access routers feature embedded security measures and voice over Internet Protocol.
"Leaders from 38 Asian and European nations are in Vietnam for a summit of the Asia-Europe Meeting, known as ASEM. The main purpose is to discuss global trade and international issues, but that the question "
Company files patent infringement lawsuit and asks trade commission to halt shipment of rival's flash memory into United States.
"St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Jim Edmonds homered and delivered the go- ahead run in the eighth inning on a sacrifice fly, leading the St."
AP - President Bush pledged Wednesday to work with Congress to reduce the government's huge budget deficit as a key step in assuring the world that his administration supports a strong dollar.
EMC Corp. aims to make it easier for businesses to search unstructured information from multiple sources in multiple languages with a new software tool it released Monday.
LONDON One of the scientists involved in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA has died. Maurice Wilkins shared the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1962 for his role in what #39;s considered one of the most important discoveries in science.
"Sleepy Spokane, Wash., has a secret: it's the wireless hot spot of the future"
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing  gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan  of China 15-9 in the inaugural Olympic women's sabre final on  Tuesday.
CRICKET officials are under pressure to overhaul the game #39;s showpiece tournaments after embarrassing mismatches and England #39;s bleak weather threatened to turn the Champions Trophy into a farce.
"THROUGHOUT its first term, the Bush administration held that the road to Jerusalem passed through Baghdad. Even before the 9/11 attacks, but especially after them, it shunned the very term  quot;peace "
"BAGHDAD, 28 September 2004 - Fresh Iraq violence killed 12 people yesterday as an Iranian diplomat was freed after a 55-day hostage ordeal at the hands of the same militant group which is holding two French newsmen."
"AT amp;T Wireless on Monday seemed to be trying to turn back the clock on cell phone design trends when it introduced the Ogo, a messaging-only handheld."
"Students these days are consuming breakfast cereal as if their grade-point averages depended on it - for breakfast, lunch, dinner and in between."
"Nortel Networks said on Thursday it will slash its work force by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives and led to a criminal investigation and lawsuits."
"As Bill Parcells would say,  quot;Don #39;t put him in Canton just yet, fellas. quot;. As in Canton, Ohio, home of the Pro Football Hall of Fame."
"ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Sept. 28 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Liberty Media Corporation announced that the jury in Klesch  amp; Company Ltd."
"com October 21, 2004, 6:42 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients."
"Huawei Technologies and ZTE, the leading Chinese telecommunications equipment makers, say they are in discussions to become sponsors of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing."
New component will help next generation of Intel's wireless chip technology reach full audience for Wi-Fi.
"There's a new social class in town -- the ""Google Riche"" -- and while their newfound wealth is impressive, they might want to spend some time thinking about their new tax brackets and how to keep the sharks from taking a few bites off the top. &lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
"ATHENS -- If there's one thing the Atos Origin SA team understands as lead contractor for the Olympic IT infrastructure, it's that you must learn from your mistakes."
"BASRA, Oct 27: Hundreds of British soldiers left southern Iraq on a risky mission closer to Baghdad on Wednesday to free up US forces for a possible assault on Fallujah , as Tokyo stood firm after militants threatened to behead a Japanese hostage."
Luis Aragons could lose his job as Spain #39;s coach after the Spanish Football Association launched an investigation into remarks he made about Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry.
"Vice President Dick Cheney defended the administration's record in Iraq, and Senator John Edwards offered pointed criticism in a highly contentious and personal matchup."
"AP - Azy and Indah are heading to school this week  #151; a unique experience for two clever orangutans whose classroom will eventually encompass more than 200 acres of lowlands, river forest and lakes."
"Record oil prices are creating headwinds for the U.S. economy but do not place its recovery at risk, Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert McTeer said on Monday."
The European Union last night started legal action against Athens after it was revealed that a systematic under-reporting of Greece #39;s budget deficit should have ruled the country out of joining the single currency.
Property and casualty insurers such as State Farm and The Hartford have invested in wireless and other technologies to streamline claims processing for policyholders affected by recent hurricanes.
Astronaut Leroy Chiao is instructed to return by the flight controllers because of a food shortage on the international space station.
"Coach Marvin Lewis says one of his Cincinnati Bengals was spit on during a 17-10 victory over the Redskins, and he hopes the NFL does something to crack down."
"Peru recently made a decision that appears destined to result in the equivalent of a global  quot;no smoking quot; sign, a development that spells yet more trouble for tobacco companies."
"Reuters - A bidding group headlined by Sony\Corp. (6758.T) agreed in principle to buy Hollywood film studio\Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer  for nearly  #36;5 billion on Monday,\after rival bidder Time Warner Inc.  withdrew from the\auction."
"US tanks raided the Baghdad Shi #39;ite Muslim stronghold of Sadr City in the early hours of Wednesday as aircraft bombed the area and helicopters flew low overhead, witnesses said."
"Newborn babies with brain damage could one day be treated by stem cell therapy using cells taken from their bone marrow, scientists say."
"ISLAMABAD: A blast that occurred in the Marriott hotel killed one and left at over ten people injured including four foreigners at 9:35 pm at the entrance to the hotel on Thursday, sources said."
"AP - Violence erupted again Friday in the Haitian capital as the decapitated bodies of three police were found, bringing the death toll to at least seven people in two days of protests for the return of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide."
" Cricket-New Zealand 198-9 v Australia - ICC Champions Trophy September 16, 2004 12:40:46 LONDON, Sept 16 (Reuters) - After being put into bat by Australia captain Ricky Ponting, New Zealand hit 198-9 in 50 overs in their Champions Trophy Pool A match "
Relatives of many of the 202 people killed when terrorist bombs ripped through nightclubs on Indonesia #39;s Bali island two years ago have gathered at the attack site to remember the dead.
Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith will miss the next four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy. Smith was notified by the league Tuesday that he will 
"BERLIN: A communique from the G20 group of rich and developing countries made no explicit reference to currency swings on Sunday, despite mounting concern in Europe and Japan over a slide in the US dollar to multi-year lows."
Chipmaker Intel will spend \$40m to expand in the southern Indian city of Bangalore over the next two years. Intel Chief Executive Craig Barrett on Friday laid the foundation of a new Intel building in Bangalore 
"ATHENS Greece has confessed to having been in breach of European Union budget deficit rules since 2000, leading to suggestions that it may not have been entitled to join the common currency after all."
"With Arsenal set to meet Manchester United in the quarter finals of the Carling Cup, the Football Association is keen for the two clubs to call a truce following their fiery league game last month."
"UPDATE, SAT 4PM: The number of dead across the Caribbean from Hurricane Ivan is now at least 50. Grenada alone is reporting 34 deaths, with eight more bodies found today."
"ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla. - Hajime Meshiai, an 11-time winner on the Japanese PGA Tour, shot 69 Sunday to retain a share of the lead after five rounds of the Champions Tour national qualifying tournament."
Canadian Press - ATHENS (CP) - Montreal's Nicolas Gill will now play the role of spectator at the Summer Games.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - The chief executive of US Airways said Thursday that a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing is still a possibility for the ailing carrier but that talk of an impending liquidation was unfounded. 
DALLAS - Southwest Airlines Co. says it is bidding at least \$100 million for gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport and other assets of ATA Airlines Inc.
James Hardie Industries says it has written to the foundation it set up to compensate asbestos victims reaffirming its willingness to top up the fund.
"Stocks fell for the second straight week as investors recoiled from a major insurance industry scandal, record high oil prices, a worsening trade deficit and a mixed bag of corporate earnings."
"ATHENS Serbia-Montenegro is shockingly out of medal contention in Olympic men #39;s basketball, and the team #39;s head coach doesn #39;t have many admirers left at home."
Miamis Frank Gore (3) runs past Georgia Techs Dawan Landry (20) during Saturdays game at Georgia Tech. Gore rushed for 127 yards on 25 carries.
"Fani Halkia, hailed by one Greek tabloid as a  quot;Winged Goddess, quot; stormed to Olympic victory in the 400 meter hurdles, sparking nationwide jubilation and much probing of her startlingly improved form."
"CLIPPERS 102, PACERS 68---At Indianapolis, Pacers F Ron Artest said yesterday that he asked coach Rick Carlisle for time off because of a busy schedule that included promoting a soon-to "
"Bode Miller added another triumph to his sparkling season on Monday, claiming his sixth World Cup win of the campaign in a slalom and a new entry in the record books."
"A rugby nation lifted its head once more last night. The surprise was that it was South Africa, not Australia or New Zealand, who emerged into the light clutching the coveted Tri-Nations trophy."
Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Friday that Australia is unlikely to sign a non-aggression treaty with the members of the Association of SoutheastAsian Nations (ASEAN).
Nigeria's union boss vows to go ahead with a four-day strike from Monday against fuel prices rises.
This is the horror captured on video of the more than 1000 hostages inside the Russian school before it was turned into a bloodbath last week.
"- After a modest playing career in Serie A and B with Spal, Foggia, Novara and Udinese, Del Neri takes up his first coaching job in August 1990 with Teramo in Serie C2, Italy #39;s fourth division."
"THAT MEEKshy and retiring Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer, has dared to suggest that Apple #39;s reassuringly expensive and beautiful iPods might be packed full of pirated music."
Airbus has withdrawn its request to intervene in Microsoft #39;s antitrust appeal--a blow to the software giant #39;s efforts to show that the European Commission #39;s ruling will have effects far beyond the IT industry.
"Microsoft on Thursday will launch its long-promised Internet search engine, which will compete directly with market leader Google, sources close to the company said Tuesday."
AP - Bobby Crosby's sacrifice fly with one out in the ninth scored pinch-runner Esteban German with the winning run in the Oakland Athletics' 6-5 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Monday night.
"MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA - In a mission that could herald a new era of space tourism, a privately built, three-person rocket ship flew to space and back today in a mission that frightened those who watched from the ground and on a live webcast."
"Despite a crop of new car models and a still-generous supply of rebates, sales fell for the Ford Motor Company and General Motors in November."
"The decapitated bodies of three men, their heads strapped to their backs, were found dumped in nylon bags by a roadside north of Baghdad on Wednesday, Iraqi police and US officials said."
"Reuters - The dollar softened against the euro\but firmed against the yen on Monday, trading within tight\ranges as dealers refrained from making aggressive bets ahead\of the August U.S. payrolls report later this week."
An unsatisfactory conference call and disappointing forecasts send the search engine's shares tumbling.
"Maria Sharapova is in uncharted waters here, having reached the third round at Flushing Meadows for the first time. But I #39;m confident she can sink Mary Pierce this weekend and sail on into the second week of play."
"Ford Motor has agreed to settle a lawsuit that accused its chief executive of improperly accepting shares in the initial public offering of Goldman Sachs, which agreed to pay \$13."
" LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft asked a European Union  judge Thursday to freeze a European Commission order forcing it  to share technology with competitors, but a rival said the  software giant used to provide such information freely."
Attorneys in a lawsuit challenging evolution disclaimers on biology textbooks in a suburban school district made closing arguments today in Atlanta before a federal judge.
"eBay sellers have a new content management tool to help them post storefronts faster, thanks to a newly customized Macromedia toolset."
The cancellation of a \$5 billion outsourcing contract with J.P. Morgan Chase reveals a huge potential exposure for I.B.M.
REDS coach Carlos Quieroz believes Wayne Rooney has received an excessive amount of criticism due to being a Manchester United player.
"OSLO, Oct. 8. - The Kenyan environmental activist, Ms Wangari Maathai, has won the Nobel Peace prize for her work as leader of the Green Belt Movement, which has sought to empower women, improve the environment "
"Ofcom has warned BT to commit to  quot;substantive changes quot; or risk an inquiry under anti-price fixing laws, but has shied away from ordering a break up of the telecoms giant."
"Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza, 47, of north London, is being questioned over allegations he supported terrorism. Detectives will explore whether he gave aid to terrorists, either through recruitment, finance or logistics."
"DHAKA: Bangladesh was brought to a standstill yesterday by the fourth general strike in a week called by the opposition. Security was tightened for the shutdown called by the Awami League, which coincided "
"McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday raised its annual dividend 38 percent, a move the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalization."
washingtonpost.com - Sirius Satellite Radio's hiring of former Viacom President Mel Karmazin as its new chief executive is its most aggressive move yet to steal market share away from larger rival XM Satellite Radio. It's also the clearest signal so far that the satellite upstarts intend to be real competitors in the media world.
Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf Sunday termed his New York summit meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh a  quot;gain for peace quot;.
PC World - Belkin's Pre-N wireless networking line also dramatically improves\  range--even for 802.11b and 802.11g gear.
"Although Republicans made significant gains on Election Day, their majority of 55 senators still falls five votes short of the 60 needed to break a Democratic filibuster."
"NEW YORK Sept. 30, 2004 - Bernie Williams hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees clinched their seventh straight AL East title, beating the Minnesota Twins 6-4 Thursday night for their 100th victory of the season."
"SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Peanuts, hot dogs and wireless instant replays. It's the future of baseball..."
"VLADIKAVKAZ, Russia -- In a terrifying videotape, 10-year-old Georgy Farniyev sat near a bomb, his hands behind his head and his face a mask of misery. He looked certain to die, but survived through luck, self-possession beyond his years, and enough grit to pull shrapnel out of his own arm."
"Team USA finally showed some energy in the World Cup of Hockey, beating Slovakia 3-1 Friday for its first win in the tournament. Bill Guerin, Jason Blake and Bryan Smolinski scored for the younger, quicker "
"FORMER con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the film Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help in the battle against cyber crime as spokesman for the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) in a forthcoming campaign."
"RIYADH : Oil-rich Saudi Arabia has earmarked 41 billion riyals (10.9 billion dollars) of its expected budget surplus for development projects but will spend most of it on repaying part of its public debt, Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz said."
"BAGO restored his reputation when swooping late to land the Prix de lArc de Triomphe at Longchamp yesterday. Unbeaten last season, when he was Europes champion juvenile, the son of Nashwan had been hailed "
"13.09.04 - Three-division world champion and current #1 WBC heavyweight contender James Toney, deep into preparations for his September 23 bout with Rydell Booker at the Pechanga Resort and Casino in Temecula, California, is a man who doesnt mince "
Germany drops proceedings against ex-Argentine junta officials thought to be involved in the killing of Germans.
US researchers say humans began endurance running about 2 million years ago to help hunt for prey.
"Employment grew by 96,000 jobs last month, the Labor Department reported Friday, well below the level needed to keep pace with the expansion in the labor force and presenting a weak picture "
"For the second straight year, more than 200 players have filed for free agency, which would have suited former Oakland A's owner Charlie Finley just fine."
"Two former MCI honchos to introduce unlimited domestic calling to any number, plus some international dialing, for about \$16 a month."
"Microsoft revised its Sender ID e-mail authentication technology to address concerns raised by AOL. Microsoft said yesterday it submitted the new Sender ID specification to the Internet Engineering Task Force, the Internet #39;s standards body."
Jason Ricks kicked a 28-yard field goal with 55 seconds left and No. 22 Oklahoma State rallied from a 17-point deficit to beat Missouri 20-17 on Saturday.
"THE HEAD LAWYER at Microsoft has said that if the European Union insists it tweaks Windows to comply with its anti-trust ruling, it will be able to comply."
"In a deal worth about \$913 million, ARM Holdings plc today announced it would acquire Artisan Components Inc. to create one of the broadest suppliers of semiconductor intellectual property in the industry."
"If you #39;ve noticed that the price of everything from milk to gasoline to automobiles seems to be going up, you #39;re as observant as Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan."
"No-frills airline Ryanair RYA.I has posted a forecast-beating jump in first-half profit after its low fares drew passengers over the summer, and it is more upbeat than "
"The outer reaches of our solar system may have been shaped long ago by a close encounter with another star that tore up both nascent planetary systems like colliding buzz saws, astronomers said on Tuesday."
" quot;It looked like (Makonnen) was held or bumped or something, quot; Rodgers said.  quot;I #39;m pretty frustrated. We dominated the game."
"Citigroup Inc., the biggest creditor of Parmalat Finanziaria SpA, sued Italy for its handling of the foodmaker #39;s bankruptcy, saying the restructuring violated its rights as a lender owed almost 540 million euros (\$665 million)."
"Department store selling projection TVs via Web; will offer them in stores in the fall, with other devices to follow."
A flood of foreign observers is expected for the Dec. 26 rerun of the presidential vote.
"TOKYO -- Nine people were found dead in two rented vehicles Tuesday, with the windows sealed and charcoal burners at their feet, in what police are calling modern Japan #39;s largest suicide pact."
AFP - Former US president Jimmy Carter expressed fears that there could be vote cheating in battleground states in the US election on November 2.
Michael Owen scored his first goal for Real Madrid in a 1-0 home victory over Dynamo Kiev in the Champions League. The England striker toe-poked home Ronaldo #39;s cross in the 35th minute to join the Russians 
Virgin Electronics announced Tuesday its own portable digital music player weighing less than the Apple iPod mini with an additional 1 gigabyte of storage space.
"Recently, a new meta search engine was launched under the name of Info.com. For those unaware, meta search engines pool the results of other search engines (Google, Yahoo) into a single result set."
"AP - Bronson Arroyo gave the surging Boston Red Sox another strong start, allowing six hits in 7 1-3 innings in a 4-1 win over the Detroit Tigers on Thursday night."
Olympics organisers order tighter security after a man leaps into the pool during a synchronised diving final.
"Senior officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Iranian counterparts Thursday to issue Tehran with an incentive-backed last chance to end uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions."
"By BEN FELLER    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Expanding waistlines are squeezing the bottom line of the nation's schools, as poor eating and exercise subtly strip money from education, a new study suggests.    ""It's too risky not to call attention to this,"" said Dr..."
"By MARILYNN MARCHIONE     (AP) -- Former President Bill Clinton, who narrowly escaped having a heart attack, should be able to resume his active lifestyle, his doctors say. But whether that includes campaigning in the remaining two months before the presidential election is questionable..."
"On the heels of a new Netscape preview release and the launch of Firefox 1.0, a UK company has released a web browser it claims is more secure than Internet Explorer (IE) or Firefox."
"Jamal Crawford sat in a corner of the locker room, quiet and withdrawn, in total disbelief at the opportunity he and his Knicks teammates had squandered in their bid to beat the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons."
AP - Several thousand Christians who packed a cathedral compound in the Egyptian capital hurled stones at riot police Wednesday to protest a woman's alleged forced conversion to Islam. At least 30 people were injured.
"It is the news that internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. Patrick Gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker Intel, told a conference "
"Reuters - A man on a bicycle threw at least four bombs into the compound of a luxury hotel in Nepal's capital on Monday but the blasts caused no casualties, authorities said."
Eritrean minister denies report that 20 people were killed in an overcrowded prison after a crack down on draft dodgers.
AP - Jason White has a chance to join Archie Griffin as a two-time Heisman Trophy winner.
World cricket boss Ehsan Mani hints England could pull out of Zimbabwe without penalty.
"Sports India, Cricket: London, Nov 16 : New Zealand barrister Tim Castle was Tuesday appointed to hear India captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s appeal against his two-Test suspension, the International Cricket Council (ICC) announced here."
"Adrian Fernandez wins the Delphi Indy 300, but is overshadowed by a crash that sent Buddy Rice's car skidding upside down along the track."
"The Board of Directors of Reliance Energy Ltd. would meet this week to consider the resignations of 6 of its 14 directors, a statement from the country #39;s second-largest power utility said."
"CHICAGO - Delta Air Lines (DAL) said Wednesday it plans to eliminate between 6,000 and 6,900 jobs during the next 18 months, implement a 10 across-the-board pay reduction and reduce employee benefits."
The subsidiary formerly known as GECIS will instantly become a major player in the business process outsourcing industry. By Paul McDougall.
"Canadian Press - TOKYO (AP) - Japan has determined a submarine that briefly intruded into Japanese territorial waters earlier this week without identifying itself came from China, an official said Friday."
"Conrad Black, formerly the chairman and CEO of Hollinger International Inc., and David Radler, who used to be the company #39;s president and chief operating officer, face civil-fraud charges "
Jose Lima had a five-hit shutout and Shawn Green two homers Saturday as Los Angeles stayed in its NL Division Series by beating St.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week to their highest level in four months even  though mortgage rates ticked upward from their recent lows, an  industry group said on Wednesday."
"New York, September 28: British tycoon Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group has said it was jumping into the market for online music, with a  quot;digital megastore quot; offering US customers song downloads for 99 cents."
"AP - Julie Taymor shifts crowns Friday. Having conquered Broadway with ""The Lion King,"" the celebrated director makes her Metropolitan Opera debut, taking on the Queen of the Night and all the forest creatures in a new production of Mozart's ""Die Zauberfloete."""
"It was a stormy day, with torrential rain lashing down, but an audience splashed their way to a north London theatre to hear four leading commentators discuss Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s latest plan for his country and the Palestinians."
"JAKARTA, Oct 17 (AFP) - Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri will not attend the swearing in of her successor Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the country #39;s first directly-elected leader, a close aide said Sunday."
"Ernie Els won the tournament for a record sixth time, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1 Sunday to capture golf's biggest payday -- \$1.8 million."
"Vicente Fox, Mexico #39;s president, on Monday fired Mexico City #39;s police chief and the commissioner of the federal police force charged with crime prevention, in response to the "
A new virus targeting Mac OS X is not expected to cause much trouble. But malcode experts said it should serve as a warning to those using alternatives to Microsoft that their machines are not attack-proof.
"Reuters - U.S. aircraft and tanks pounded\Shi'ite militia positions around a holy shrine and ancient\cemetery in Najaf early on Friday, witnesses said."
"Koalas in Australia #39;s southeastern state of Victoria will receive contraceptive implants to keep their numbers down. Up to 2,000 female koalas will be implanted with a slow-releasehormone "
"Citigroup was fined \$250,000 for failings in its hedge-fund business yesterday and agreed to close its Japanese trust banking arm as its regulatory problems continued."
 ATHENS (Reuters) - They worried about security for seven  years and it turned out to be the least of their problems.
"South Korea's markets watchdog says it is to inspect Citigroup's local operation, days after regulators censured the bank's Japanese business."
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jon Lieber pitched seven shutout  innings and John Olerud cracked a two-run homer as the New York  Yankees dumped the Boston Red Sox 3-1 on Wednesday to take  command of the American League championship series.
"Upcoming elections in Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and the Palestinian Authority are initial steps on still rocky paths to democracy."
An appeals court ruling shows that the Justice Department has at least one witness in its developing antitrust case.
"AP - Facing new violence and harsh criticism, the prime minister said Friday he would set up an independent commission to investigate the deaths of 85 Muslim youths in southern Thailand, including 78 who suffocated or were crushed to death in military custody."
"If Roger Federer or Andy Roddick were credited with the above quote, to win all the four Grand Slam titles in 2005, I would have, perhaps, not written this column."
How cool would this be? Free WiFi for everyone in San Francisco. San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom set a goal Thursday of providing free wireless Internet activity in his city.
"PalmSource #39;s European developer conference is going on now in Germany, and this company is using this opportunity to show off Palm OS Cobalt 6.1, the latest version of its operating system."
"But to play as feebly as it did for about 35 minutes last night in Game 1 of the WNBA Finals and lose by only four points -- on the road, no less -- has to be the best confidence builder since Cindy St."
"As the SuperComputing 2004 show kicks off in the US city of Pittsburg this week, Linux technology will be well represented among the big honking processor, storage and networking technologies on display."
Video gamers are getting younger and younger. And parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be enormous.
SAN FRANCISCO - Steve Trachsel lasted only four innings and the Mets committed three errors in a 7-3 loss to the Giants last night at SBC Park. 
"The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider whether two Internet file-sharing services may be held responsible for their customers' online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.\&lt;FONT face=""verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica"" size=""-2"" color=""#666666""&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;"
Deep-sea manned sub Alvin is hailed as it goes into retirement following 40 years of remarkable work.
"Two-time US Open champion Retief Goosen grabbed the first-round lead in the BMW Open at 6-under-par 66, and Colin Montgomerie boosted his Ryder Cup chances by finishing a stroke back on Thursday."
"In 2003-04, Minnesota swept its two contests against the Raptors. Overall, Minnesota has won three straight and four of the last five meetings in this series."
Early results suggest the party of Kazakh President Nazarbayev will win victory in parliamentary elections.
Across the Internet a muffled cheer rises to greet the news of a spammer sentenced to a nine-year prison term for sending junk mail to AOL customers in the Virginia-prosecuted case against 
"Halo 2 and Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, two hit video game sequels, have had tremendous advance sales. What's all the fuss about?"
At least 35 people have been killed and dozens more injured in a train crash in India. Many of the injured are in a critical condition in an army hospital and the death toll is expected to rise.
"Fraudulent phishing e-mail is forcing businesses to reconsider how they communicate with their customers online. Join Dave Jevans, chairman of the Anti-Phishing Working Group, as he discusses this growing form of online fraud with washingtonpost.com reporter Brian Krebs."
"The Braves #39; sense of timing is impeccable. Whenever the Mets are down, along comes their tomahawk-chopping nemesis to show them up."
"Consumer confidence among Arizonans remained stronger in October than in the rest of the nation, but the outlook six months from now is much less promising, according to a statewide survey that was released today."
Extension ratified for Japanese and US public safety band
"The public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, CNET News.com has learned."
"MIAMI - Mark Prior allowed five hits in 7 2-3 innings to out-pitch Carl Pavano, and the Chicago Cubs moved one percentage point ahead of San Francisco atop the NL wild-card standings by beating the Florida Marlins 5-1 in the first game of a doubleheader Monday.    Corey Patterson's two-run double in the second inning put the Cubs ahead to stay..."
NEW YORK - A row over intellectual property claims from Microsoft Corp. has dealt a fatal blow to an ambitious effort by Internet engineers to create a technical standard for curbing junk e-mail.
" BEIJING (Reuters) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova  demolished fellow Russian Tatiana Panova 6-1, 6-1 to advance to  the quarter-finals of the China Open on Wednesday."
AP - House and Senate negotiators refused to give ground Wednesday toward a compromise on putting in place the Sept. 11 commission's terror-fighting recommendations. The White House and victims' families appealed for a deal.
"Tesco today impressed the City with a surge in third-quarter sales as it boosted market share in clothing and electrical goods. Despite a tougher environment on the high street, Britain #39;s leading retailer "
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Four sales executives of German  chip maker Infineon Technologies AG &lt;A HREF=""http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IFXGn.DE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news""&gt;IFXGn.DE&lt;/A&gt; have agreed to  plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix the prices  of computer memory chips, the U.S. Department of Justice said  on Thursday."
n Overall fourth-quarter retail sales this year are expected to be 6.5 percent higher than last year #39;s -- the biggest increase since 1999.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Tuesday after  crude prices fell for a third session, easing investors' fears  that costly oil would squeeze company profits and slow growth."
" WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Whether mortgage finance giant  Fannie Mae &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FNM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;FNM.N&lt;/A&gt; will have to restate its earnings as a  result of accounting problems cited by regulators will be up to  the Securities and Exchange Commission to consider, a company  executive said on Tuesday."
"BRUSSELS: European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso has defended the appointment of Rocco Buttiglione as Europe #39;s justice and security chief, despite outrage at his claims that homosexuality is a sin."
"Denver Nuggets #39; Nene Hilario, right, of Brazil, and Houston Rockets #39; Juwan Howard (5) chase a lose ball during the third quarter of their preseason game Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004, in Houston."
"Raja Ramanna, architect of India #39;s nuclear weapons program, died early Friday. He was 79. As director of the government-run research center in Bombay, Ramanna headed the team that built "
"Athens, Greece -- Debbie Ferguson carried the blue and yellow Bahamian flag during the parade of nations in the Olympic opening ceremony, then stood proudly Wednesday night as it flew in Olympic Stadium to honor her bronze medal in the 200 meters."
"SHANGHAI Rubens Barrichello won the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday, but while he occupied Michael Schumacher #39;s accustomed place atop the podium he could not take his teammate #39;s place at the center of attention."
"Toronto's Nik Antropov, Philadelphia's Michal Handzus and Pittsburgh's Steve McKenna became the latest NHL players to head to Europe during the lockout."
T-Mobile USA today released a new secure encrypted Connection Manager that will enable users to login to any of the 4700 nationwide HotSpot wireless networks.
"A leading economic think-tank sees a strong recovery in the second half of the year for major industrial economies, in spite of high oil prices, and says inflation is not yet a concern."
"Police were on red alert in the southern city of Karachi yesterday, fearing a militant backlash after a top Pakistani al-Qaeda suspect wanted for two assassination attempts against President General Pervez Musharraf was killed in a paramilitary raid."
"LookSmart Performs Despite MSN Split and Acquisitions\\LookSmart more or less broke even last quarter to the surprise of many analysts after LookSmart announced their financial results for the third quarter which ended on September 30, 2004. LookSmart currently provides paid search results through a distribution network that includes Lycos, CNET, ..."
"DALLAS (Ticker) -- The New York Knicks have 13 days before they play their season opener. From the looks of things, they have plenty of work to do."
"A European Space Agency rocket entered moon orbit Monday in a unique mission using a pioneering power plant. The s-called SMART-1 spacecraft blasted off from Kourou, French Guiana, Sept."
"EMC has appointed Jeff Nick, the former chief architect of IBM #39;s grid computing initiative, as its senior vice-president and chief technology officer (CTO)."
"AP - Nintendo Co. said Tuesday it will release its new ""dual screen"" portable game machine in North America on Nov. 21 and in Japan 10 days later."
"The monarch of oil-rich Brunei reopened the tiny country #39;s parliament for the first time in 20 years on Saturday, but made no mention of elections and warned his subjects not to get carried away."
You need to adjust your asset allocation as you get older. Why not just let a fund do it for you? NEW YORK (MONEY Magazine) - If you feel overwhelmed by the dozens of different investing options out there 
"TONY EASTLEY: To Iraq now, where three British soldiers have been killed and a number of others injured in an ambush by insurgents."
"EVANSTON, Ill. Northwestern tied the game with less than two-and-a-half minutes left, but lost to Number 24 Virginia 48-to-44 tonight."
"Japan #39;s imperial family finally had good news yesterday when it announced that the emperor #39;s only daughter is to marry. The news was greeted with joy in Japan, where many had worried "
"Mayor Tom Menino must be proud. His Boston Red Sox just won their first World Series in 86 years and his Hyde Park Blue Stars yesterday clinched their first Super Bowl berth in 32 years, defeating O'Bryant, 14-0. Who would have thought?"
"Northwest Airlines said yesterday that it had canceled a new fee it charged travel agencies for a round-trip domestic ticket booked through global distribution systems, effective immediately."
Queenslander Adam Scott is VC Bet #39;s heaviest liability ahead of this week #39;s Australian PGA Championship. Scott #39;s opening quote of 7/1 was quickly gobbled up by punters who fancy the golden boy of Aussie golf #39;s 
"LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- US technology spending is projected to rise 7 percent next year and continue at about the same rate through 2008, according to results of a survey released Monday that also showed improved optimism on outlays in the sector."
"Tropical Storm Jeanne claimed at least 556 lives in Haiti over the weekend.(Xinhua/Reuters Photo). HAVANA, Sept. 21 (Xinhuanet) -- With the death toll in Haiti by Tropical Storm Jeanne rising to nearly 700 "
"Fred Couples returns as defending champion and the most successful player in Skins Game history. Tiger Woods comes in as the most popular player in golf, and Adam Scott is the third man in the field because he won The Players Championship in March."
"AMD has fleshed out its mobile chip catalogue this week by shipping the Mobile AMD Athlon 64 3000 processor. It joins a range of mobile models, from 2800 to 3400, but is the first to be built using 90nm technology."
"An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in Gaza City late Sunday, residents said, killing a senior Hamas militant leader, the latest Israeli attack in the territory it plans to leave next year."
Harry Redknapp made the jump from Portsmouth to Southampton. Is Gordon Strachan about to move in the opposite direction? Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric said Tuesday he plans 
Nasa gives details of a space mission to crash a projectile into a comet and peel away its outer skin to look inside.
TheDeal.com - A long and winding road runs from Joseph Fletcher to Craig Conway.
"Johannesburg, 13 October 2004 - While a great deal of the data residing within organisations today is not accessed regularly, the ECT Act as well as basic business strategy maintains that this seldom accessed data is business-critical."
"SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- When the Lakers were dismantled last summer, the Sacramento Kings thought their biggest rivalry was finished."
"SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Ford Motor on Wednesday was the first of the major automakers to turn in October US sales results, reporting that unit sales slipped 5 percent."
"Motorola Inc. says it #39;s cutting about 1,000 jobs, or about 1 percent of its workforce, as it winds up its spinoff of Austin-based chip company Freescale Semiconductor Inc."
"AP - Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was suspended for seven months and fined about  #36;35,000 by the English Football Association on Thursday after testing positive for cocaine."
"It seemed like a clever idea. This summer, a small Web company, Stamps.com, partnered with the U.S. Postal Service to let people put their own photos on 37-cent first-class stamps."
"Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Phillies re-signed righthander Cory Lidle to a two-year deal worth \$6.3 million Tuesday."
"Reuters - Internet users praying for salvation\from junk mail face a new torment -- ""Spiritual Spam."""
SAN FRANCISCO -- IBM and PeopleSoft on Tuesday announced that PeopleSoft will standardize its applications on core IBM middleware products and that both companies will market the joint solutions.
"No. 8 Georgia Hangs on to Beat Georgia Tech, 19-13, After Collapsing in Second Half of Game. Georgia quarterback DJ Shockley evades Georgia Tech defender Gerris Wilkinson during the first quarter Saturday, Nov. 27, 2004 in Athens, Ga."
Celtic #39;s Henri Camara and Nacho Novo of Rangers have been suspended for offences missed by the referee in last month #39;s explosive Old Firm match.
"African leaders backed an arms embargo and other immediate UN sanctions against Ivory Coast on Sunday, isolating President Laurent Gbagbo #39;s hard-line government "
"The company behind China's leading Linux client distribution, Red Flag Software Co. Ltd., is shifting its main focus to its server operating system and enterprise customers, and planning to expand sales overseas, the company's acting president said in an interview on Friday."
"Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo rallied past Jelena Jankovic 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 Saturday to advance to the Generali Ladies Open final against Elena Bovina."
"Benfica striker Nuno Gomes sprained his left knee during a league match at the weekend but will not need surgery, the Portuguese league leaders said in a statement onMonday."
Leading chipmaker Intel revealed Thursday that it will not manufacture a much-ballyhooed 4 GHz version of the Pentium 4 PC processor.
"A special committee of independent directors at building products manufacturer Royal Group Technologies Ltd. (Woodbridge, ON) has fired president and CEO Douglas Dunsmuir and senior vice-president and CFO "
Curtis Martin and LaMont Jordan each rushed for 115 yards and a score to help the New York Jets rout the hapless Miami Dolphins 41-14 last night.
The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) today approved the proposal to hike foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in civil aviation sector from 40 to 49 per cent but barred foreign airlines from holding stakes.
"Pay for the Washington area's top executives rose significantly last year, reversing the downward trend that set in with the recession in 2001."
"House and Senate conferees have agreed to let the Energy Department leave some radioactive waste in tanks in South Carolina and Idaho, instead of pumping it out for deep burial."
"Ziff Davis - Some users have said that after updating to Mac OS X ""Panther"" 10.3.6, their computers no longer recognize external Firewire 400 hard drives. Others report no such problems with the update, which includes networking optimizations and fixes for video and font glitches."
"GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Witnesses say a ten-year-old girl was one of four Palestinians killed today by Israeli forces operating in the northern Gaza Strip."
"THE defiant taunts cascaded down from the Olympic stadium grandstands for minutes.  quot;Hellas, Hellas, quot; followed by  quot;Kenteris, Kenteris quot; - an angry display that held up the main event of Thursday #39;s athletics program."
Teen faces prison for unleashing malicious variant of MS Blaster worm last year.
"A SUSPECTED Palestinian collaborator with Israel was executed late today by two gunmen outside a mosque in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Palestinian security sources said."
" ABOARD USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (Reuters) - Defense Secretary  Donald Rumsfeld said on Saturday that some 40,000 new Iraqi  recruits are expected to join the country's fledgling security  forces ahead of January elections."
"Reuters - Oracle Corp. on Monday said it has\asked Peoplesoft Inc.'s board of directors to immediately\redeem the company's poison pill, two days after 61 percent of\PeopleSoft shareholders tendered their stock for Oracle's\ #36;24-a-share hostile offer."
"Travel company Cendant, the owner of Avis and Budget car hire firms, is in advanced talks to buy travel website Orbitz for \$1bn. Orbitz was started by five US airlines in 2000 and floated on Nasdaq for \$300m in December 2003."
"Australia will equip its Air Force with stealth cruise missiles to maintain military superiority over its neighbours, the Government announced yesterday."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  on Monday posted a flat quarterly net profit, weighed down by a  legal settlement, but the world's largest computer company  sounded a confident outlook and its shares rose 2.3 percent."
Presenters at the Crypto 2004 conference identify faster ways to forge digital signatures with common security algorithms.
"Citigroup, the global banking company, yesterday ousted three of its most senior executives in an attempt to restore its battered reputation in Japan."
"For protesters navigating Manhattan during the Republican National Convention, text-message broadcasting services like this, sent to their cell phones, provided an up-to-the-minute guide to the action on the streets."
"Gregg Zaun homered and Orlando Hudson had three hits and an RBI, leading the Toronto Blue Jays past the Baltimore Orioles 4-1 Monday night."
"ST. LOUIS -- Even a cookie-cutter stadium -- which is the pejorative term that came to describe the multipurpose bowls that seemed to spring up simultaneously in Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Atlanta, Queens, Philadelphia, and St. Louis in the late 1960s and early '70s -- can have their quirks."
"Agra, Nov 26 : Strict security arrangements have been put in place for night viewing of the Taj Mahal tomorrow and Sunday following the Supreme Court #39;s decision to allow opening of the monument of love on moonlit nights."
Cazenove and JP Morgan Chase have unveiled a joint venture that effectively ends 181 years of independence for the UK stockbroker and gives a big boost to the US investment bank #39;s UK presence.
"The European Union #39;s incoming Security and Justice Commissioner has criticized child-rearing by a single parent, the Times of London said Monday."
"Secretery of the Iranian Supreme National Security Council Hasan Rowhani,right, and China #39;s Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing, talk during their meeting in Tehran, on Saturday Nov. 6, 2004."
"The leader of a nationalist group that seized a remote police station, taking 10 police officers hostage, and later allegedly ambushed a police vehicle, killing four other officers, agreed Sunday to publicly lay down his weapons."
"LONDON - The mobile phone market for flash memory is becoming more competitive with the intense fight among NOR-type flash makers now expanding to include NAND-type flash producers, market researchers iSuppli Corp."
"De La Salle High School lost 39-20 Bellevue (Wash.), ending the Spartans #39; record high school winning streak Saturday night in Seattle."
" SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The board of Hewlett-Packard Co.  &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; discussed breaking up the No. 2 computer maker three  times in the past, yet each time decided to keep it intact,  Chief Executive Carly Fiorina said on Tuesday, defending her  strategy for the company."
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - M T Bank Corp. &lt;A HREF=""http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MTB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote""&gt;MTB.N&lt;/A&gt;, which counts  billionaire Warren Buffett as its third largest shareholder, on  Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose a greater-than-expected  19 percent, helped by growing fees and a drop in bad loans."
Tech giants Microsoft and Cisco have agreed to develop and promote interoperability between their respective network access technologies.
"AP - Passwords alone won't be enough to get onto America Online under a new, optional log-on service that makes AOL the first major U.S. online business to offer customers a second layer of security."
All the major stock indexes were up Friday as investors continue to react favorably to a drop in oil prices and better-than-expected economic index reports.
A website goes the extra mile to make sure voters aren   rsquo;t confused this Tuesday.  Also: West Virginia organizes the first public supercomputer   hellip;.  FDA keeps its eye on a new pain relief drug   hellip;. and more.
"Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks."
"AP - At least four survivors were pulled Thursday from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago, while the death toll from devastating storms in the Philippines' northeast rose to at least 842, with more than 750 people missing."
The Barnstable girls' volleyball team was looking for challenging nonleague opponents before the state tournament.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices fell on Tuesday as an  expected increase in U.S. heating fuel supplies eased concerns  over an inventory crunch should this winter's weather prove  colder than normal.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is defending his government #39;s efforts to strengthen and centralize control in the wake of several recent terrorist attacks.
"Carl Icahn has launched another of his multibillion-dollar shock-and-awe raids for a company - this time on the nation #39;s biggest generic drug maker, Mylan."
Semiconductor manufacturer Texas Instruments sharpened its forecast for fourth-quarter sales and profits Tuesday while staying within the boundaries of its previous forecasts.
AP - Sea turtles stand to gain protection from accidental killings through a new federal policy announced Thursday to require stricter documentation on imports of shrimp and shrimp products.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar posted broad gains on  Friday for the third straight session, as traders took more   year-end profits in other currencies in anticipation of higher  U.S. interest rates after next week's Federal Reserve meeting."
Budget competition from other consumer electronics devices is among factors lowering sales estimates.
"PC World - Digital music battle continues, as Real undercuts ITunes' prices."
"Linda Coyle, a science teacher at Mountain Trail Middle School in the Paradise Valley Unified School District, was recently named Arizona Middle School Science Teacher of the Year by the Arizona Science Teachers Association."
"They don't believe in the designated hitter over here in the National League, which is why Kevin Millar will be the designated sitter for tonight's Game 3 of the World Series."
"The University of California, Berkeley, has signed an agreement with the Samoan government to isolate, from a tree, the gene for a promising anti- Aids drug and to share any royalties from the sale of a gene-derived drug with the people of Samoa."
JOSE MOURINHO revealed last night that he accused Adrian Mutu of being a coke-head the very first time he met the Romanian striker.
"InfoWorld - At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices."
The chances of another rise in interest rates faded today as mortgage lending slowed to its lowest level for a year during August.
" NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices broke above \$46 on Monday  after Russian oil giant YUKOS said it would cut some oil  shipments to China, the first toll on exports from the  company's financial turmoil."
The Bush administration would like to throw cold water on the idea of doing anything substantive about global warming. But the heat should be on the president until the United States limits emissions of greenhouse gases.
The 2005 Australian Open will feature the first men #39;s Grand Slam final played at night. That championship match -- in the 100th anniversary of the tournament #39;s first edition -- will start at 7:30 pm on Jan. 30.
"Microsoft bought anti-spyware technology this week to protect its Internet Explorer browser from surging rivals like Mozilla #39;s Firefox, a group of Gartner analysts said Friday."
"Even if so, state presidential results wouldn't shift."
"Iraqis chant anti-US and anti-government slogans in front of a US tank after a car bomb exploded killing at least one person in central Baghdad Saturday, Nov. 20, 2004."
"Hewlett-Packard(HP) has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq into its flagship HP-UX operating system. The Palo Alto, California, computer maker has instead decided to partner with Veritas Software to bring new file system and clustering capabilities to its Unix software, the two companies announced Thursday."
"Ziff Davis - While many applaud the timely release of Avalon and Indigo and Microsoft's decision to ""stop dreaming and wake up,"" others warn the company that it is eroding its credibility and letting Linux make usability gains."
"Consumers who were billed for services used on or before June 15, 2003, but who did not pay or dispute the charges, would have the opportunity to dispute the charges in writing and qualify to have the debt forgiven."
"com September 22, 2004, 5:04 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority."
"MP George Galloway has won a libel battle and damages totalling 150,000 against the Daily Telegraph over claims he accepted money from Saddam Husseins #39;s government."
"Every now and then a book comes along that's a must-read for every serious searcher, and Tara Calishain's Web Search Garage falls squarely into that category."
A new study claims to undermine the key argument used by people sceptical of climate change.
